URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251124_S513826.pdf]


Symbol [HAR]


HARMONY APPROVES HIGH-MARGIN, LONG-LIFE EVA COPPER PROJECT FOR DEVELOPMENT


Harmony Gold Mining   Company Limited


Registration number   1950/038232/06


Incorporated in the   Republic of South Africa


ISIN: ZAE000015228


JSE share code: HAR


(Harmony and/or the   Company)


HARMONY   APPROVES    HIGH-MARGIN,   LONG-LIFE   EVA   COPPER   PROJECT


FOR DEVELOPMENT


Johannesburg, South Africa. Monday, 24 November 2025. Harmony Gold


Mining Company Limited ("Harmony" or "the Company") is pleased to


announce the completion of the updated Feasibility Study and the


approval of the Final Investment Decision (FID) by the Board of


Directors for the Eva Copper Project ("Eva Copper" or "the Project")


in Queensland, Australia.


Eva Copper is a 100%-owned, high-margin, long-life asset located in


Northwest Queensland. The proposed low strip ratio open pit


development is expected to produce approximately 65 000 tonnes of


copper in concentrate per year during the first five years, with an


expected life-of-mine average production profile of around 60 000


tonnes of copper and 19 000 ounces of gold per annum. This will be


achieved by processing on average 18 million tonnes per annum of ore


over its currently estimated 15-year mine life, at a very attractive


margin with an all-in sustaining cost (AISC) of approximately US$


2.50/lb, delivering robust cash flow generation at strong margins over


the life of this asset.


"The Eva Copper Feasibility Study delivers a strong, high-confidence


outcome that positions Harmony for the next phase of growth as we


continue building a high-quality, low-cost portfolio. Over the past


three years, we have received strong support from the Queensland


Government and key stakeholders as we systematically de-risked this


project, driving resource and reserve expansion at exceptionally low


discovery costs and unlocking further upside potential.


Eva Copper, together with our recent MAC Copper acquisition, creates


a compelling platform that brings together the enduring value of gold


with the future-facing strength of copper, enhancing cash flow


resilience across commodity cycles. In addition to our significant


gold production, our two Australian copper assets are expected to


deliver a combined total of approximately 100 000 tonnes of copper


annually once fully commissioned.


The Project provides compelling exposure to robust copper fundamentals


and, when combined with the current strength in gold prices, offers


significant upside potential. We have confidence in the long-term


outlook for copper and gold, and Eva Copper is poised to deliver


strong free cash flows and attractive margins, while reducing our


overall risk profile. Harmony's diversification into a Tier 1 mining


                                                                      1


jurisdiction strengthens our long-term value proposition as a global


gold and copper producer," says Beyers Nel, Harmony CEO.


Project capital


Project capital is estimated at US$1.55 billion (AUD2.3 billion) to


US$1.75 billion (AUD2.6 billion), expressed in real terms. The capital


profile remains highly manageable, with expenditure phased over a


three-year construction period. We expect a competitive capital


intensity of approximately US$26 000 to US$29 000 per tonne of copper


produced, reinforcing the project's capital efficiency.


Funding and credit ratings


Harmony has maintained a strong balance sheet with net debt to EBITDA


comfortably below 1.0x after the recent acquisition of MAC Copper. As


previously communicated, Harmony is reviewing its balance sheet


structure to align funding with longer-term projects and sustainable


cash flow generation. This approach is designed to maintain financial


flexibility while continuing to prioritise shareholder returns. Our


commitment to dividends remains an integral part of our capital


allocation framework. The Project will therefore be funded through a


balanced mix of internal cash flows and capital-efficient debt


instruments.


To enhance funding flexibility for long-term projects, Harmony has


obtained inaugural public credit ratings with the three major rating


agencies as shown below:


?    Fitch Ratings: BB / Stable


?    Moody's: Ba1 / Stable


?    S&P Global: BB / Stable


These ratings include the financial impact of the Eva Copper project


capital and the MAC Copper acquisition and reflect Harmony's strong


operational performance and balance sheet, prudent financial


management and sound market position.


STRATEGIC RATIONALE AND IMPORTANCE


Since acquiring the Project in October 2022, Harmony has significantly


increased Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves through 166 000


metres of resource definition drilling. Importantly, this drilling


campaign has deepened our understanding of the ore bodies'


characteristics, informing future opportunities and risk management.


The Project's two million tonne copper resource provides a strong


foundation for continued resource growth and value enhancement, with


the potential to further extend the planned 15-year life-of-mine. This


will strengthen Harmony's long-term copper exposure and growth profile


in the region.


Completion of the Front-End Engineering and Design (FEED) phase has


informed the study's outcomes. It confirms robust economics, low


execution risk, and strategic alignment with Harmony's stated


                                                                     2


intention to improve the quality and resilience of its portfolio and


advance its copper growth ambitions.


Safety and risk


The Project is designed to lower operational risk through a


mechanised, open-pit mining approach supported by a conventional


processing flow sheet. The tailings storage facility meets ANCOLD


standards and incorporates GISTM principles, ensuring best-in-class


safety and governance. The feasibility study confirms the technical


soundness of the design.


Robust technical foundation


The Project is fully permitted, subject to an amendment to the current


Environmental Authority in place. A comprehensive three-year


feasibility study update and FEED phase have been completed, using


Tier 1 contractors, further de-risking the project. Technical and


financial studies have provided confidence in the capital profile and


project   scheduling,   ensuring  disciplined   execution   and   cost


predictability. Early works activities have substantially derisked


project logistics, site access and accommodation.


Geographic diversification


Harmony's expansion into Northwest Queensland, Australia, a highly


prospective historic mining region with good regional infrastructure


and mining skills, expands its growing international operational


footprint.


Near-term copper


First production is estimated to commence in the second half of


calendar year 2028, aligning with the anticipated structural copper


supply gap, which would support higher prices.


Gold and copper commodity mix


A diversified commodity mix of gold and copper positions the company


for long-term value creation. Copper, a critical metal, complements


our gold portfolio, offering counter-cyclical benefits and a strong


price outlook, enhancing resilience and growth potential.


Affordability


Harmony's strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow generation


underpin its ability to deliver consistent shareholder returns while


funding growth. The project's capital intensity is competitive to peer


greenfield developments and reflects disciplined capital allocation.


The project will be financed through a combination of operational cash


flows and debt.


Resilience through the cycle


With a life-of-mine of at least 15 years and strong margins, the


project enhances Harmony's resilience and cash flow generation through


the cycle. Combined with CSA mine, it will provide meaningful copper


                                                                    3


exposure, supporting long-term growth initiatives such as the Tier 1


Wafi-Golpu Project.


Improving the quality of the portfolio


The project will contribute significantly to the Group's production


profile and cash flow generation, once commissioned.     It is well-


positioned on the global industry cost curve, producing copper with


an estimated free cash flow margin of 40% over its life-of-mine.


Embedded sustainability and stakeholder support


Embedded sustainability is central to the Eva Copper Project and


incorporates comprehensive environmental management while creating


local employment and business opportunities.


The Company continues to build deep, collaborative relationships with


the Kalkadoon People, the Traditional Owners of the land on which Eva


Copper is located, and the local Cloncurry and Mount Isa communities.


Strategically important for Queensland and its North West region,


independent analysis by economics firm ACIL Allen estimates the


Project will add over AUD17 billion to Queensland's gross state


product over its anticipated 15-year mine life, while providing


significant new employment opportunities during construction and


steady-state operations.


Recognising this importance, the Queensland Government declared Eva


Copper a 'Prescribed Project' in March 2024 to expedite approvals. It


made a conditional grant of AUD20.7 million in July 2024 to support


preliminary site works, which are now largely complete.


With an expected continuous electricity demand of approximately 72MW,


power will be supplied through a bespoke hybrid generation solution


comprising a 118MW solar farm, 62MW of battery storage, and 72MW of


modular diesel generators, achieving an estimated 40% renewable power


penetration. Harmony is collaborating with the Queensland Government


on longer-term power supply options aligned with the state's energy


roadmap.


Feasibility Study Highlights1


Measure                               Outcome


Mineral Reserves


                                       1.021Mt   Cu    (4.6Moz   Au


      Copper


                                       equivalent2)


      Gold5                            317koz Au


Mineral Resource


                                       1.932Mt   Cu    (8.6Moz   Au


      Copper


                                       equivalent2)


                                                                      4


      Gold                            492koz Au


                                      US$1.55 billion to US$1.75


                                      billion


Capital Investment (Real):


                                      (AUD2.3 billion to AUD2.6


                                      billion)


                                      US$26 000 to US$29 000 per


Capital Intensity


                                      tonne of copper produced


Processing Capacity                   ~18Mtpa


Average copper grade                  0.40%


                                      ~65ktpa (Years 1?5)


Copper production


                                      ~60ktpa (LOM)


Average gold grade                    0.07g/t


Gold production                       ~19koz


Copper recoveries                     82%


Gold recoveries                       80%


Strip ratio                           1.6:1


Life of Mine (LOM)                    15 years


Key project metrics                   Base           Upside*


Long Term Copper Price (USD/lb)       4.503          5.504


Gold Price (USD/oz)                   2 237          3 750


AUD/USD Exchange Rate                 0.68           0.68


After-tax Net Present Value (AUDm real


                                       445           1 355


2025)


After-tax Internal Rate of Return (%) 11             17


Payback Period from FID (years)       7              6


C1 Net Cash Cost (USD/lb) - first 5


                                    2.07             1.84


years of operations


All-in-Sustaining Cost (USD/lb) -


                                    2.49             2.30


first 5 years of operations


*The upside scenario does not factor in any additional resource-to-


reserve conversion or blue-sky exploration potential; it simply


illustrates the significant value uplift achievable under stronger


copper price environments.


                                                                   5


  1. These figures are based on assumptions from the Feasibility Study


     Update and may change materially as economic, market and business


     conditions, currency fluctuations and commodity prices evolve


  2. Gold equivalent using US$4.25/lb copper price; US$2 237/oz gold,


     100% recovery of all metals plus contained gold reserve ounces


  3. Base case applies a copper curve of USD4.86/lb before reverting


     to the long-term price assumption of USD4.50/lb thereafter


  4. Upside case applies a flat copper price of USD5.50/lb across the


     life of mine


  5. Gold Mineral Reserves are reported separately as only three of


     the six planned open pits contain economically mineable gold


     mineralisation


Next steps


Having secured Board approval of the FID, the project will now


transition from Early Works to Project execution, with the appointment


of an Engineering, Procurement and Construction (EPC) contractor. It


is expected that the EPC and other contractors will mobilise to site


during the third quarter of FY26 to commence processing plant and


related infrastructure construction. First production is expected in


the second half of calendar year 2028, subject to Environmental


Authority amendments.


Please refer to the SENS announcement released on 6 October 2022 for


the details of the transaction. This is available on our website at:


www.harmony.co.za


Further details will be provided as the transaction progresses.


For more details, contact:


Investor Relations


Jeneth Ndlovu


+27 (0) 73 722 6773


Samantha Wright


+27 (0) 82 569 7733


[email protected]


Johannesburg, South Africa


24 November 2025


JSE Sponsor


J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd


Ratings Advisor:


Citibank, N.A., London Branch


Ends.


                                                                    6


Forward-looking statements


This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the


meaning of the safe harbour provided by Section 21E of the Exchange


Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the


"Securities Act"), with respect to our financial condition, results


of   operations,  business   strategies,   operating  efficiencies,


competitive positions, growth opportunities for existing services,


plans and objectives of management, markets for stock and other


matters.


These forward-looking statements, including, among others, those


relating to our future business prospects, revenues, and the potential


benefit of acquisitions (including statements regarding growth and


cost savings) wherever they may occur in this announcement, are


necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of our senior


management and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could


cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the


forward-looking statements.


As a consequence, these forward-looking statements should be


considered in light of various important factors, including those set


forth in our integrated annual report. All statements other than


statements of historical facts included in this announcement may be


forward-looking   statements.   By   their   nature,   forward-looking


statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future


events and circumstances and should be considered in light of various


important factors, including those set forth in this disclaimer.


Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.


Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially


from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking


statements include, without limitation: overall economic and business


conditions in South Africa, Papua New Guinea, Australia and elsewhere;


the impact from, and measures taken to address, Covid-19 and other


contagious diseases, such as HIV and tuberculosis; high and rising


inflation, supply chain issues, volatile commodity costs and other


inflationary pressures exacerbated by the geopolitical risks;


estimates of future earnings, and the sensitivity of earnings to gold


and other metals prices; estimates of future gold and other metals


production and sales; estimates of future cash costs; estimates of


future cash flows, and the sensitivity of cash flows to gold and other


metals prices; estimates of provision for silicosis settlement;


increasing regulation of environmental and sustainability matters such


as greenhouse gas emission and climate change, and the impact of


climate change on our operations; estimates of future tax liabilities


under the Carbon Tax Act (South Africa); statements regarding future


debt repayments; estimates of future capital expenditures; the success


of our business strategy, exploration and development activities and


other initiatives; future financial position, plans, strategies,


objectives, capital expenditures, projected costs and anticipated cost


                                                                    7


savings and financing plans; estimates of reserves statements


regarding future exploration results and the replacement of reserves;


the ability to achieve anticipated efficiencies and other cost savings


in connection with, and the ability to successfully integrate, past


and future acquisitions, as well as at existing operations; our


ability to complete ongoing and future acquisitions; fluctuations in


the market price of gold and other metals; the occurrence of hazards


associated with underground and surface gold mining; the occurrence


of labour disruptions related to industrial action or health and


safety incidents; power cost increases as well as power stoppages,


fluctuations and usage constraints; ageing infrastructure, unplanned


breakdowns and stoppages that may delay production, increase costs


and industrial accidents; supply chain shortages and increases in the


prices of production imports and the availability, terms and


deployment of capital; our ability to hire and retain senior


management, sufficiently technically-skilled employees, as well as


our ability to achieve sufficient representation of historically


disadvantaged persons in management positions or sufficient gender


diversity in management positions or at Board level; our ability to


comply with requirements that we operate in a sustainable manner and


provide benefits to affected communities; potential liabilities


related to occupational health diseases; changes in government


regulation and the political environment, particularly tax and


royalties, mining rights, health, safety, environmental regulation


and business ownership including any interpretation thereof; court


decisions   affecting   the  mining   industry,   including,   without


limitation, regarding the interpretation of mining rights; our ability


to protect our information technology and communication systems and


the personal data we retain; risks related to the failure of internal


controls; the outcome of pending or future litigation or regulatory


proceedings; fluctuations in exchange rates and currency devaluations


and other macroeconomic monetary policies, as well as the impact of


South African exchange control regulations; the adequacy of the


Group's insurance coverage; any downgrade of South Africa's credit


rating and socio-economic or political instability in South Africa,


Papua New Guinea, Australia and other countries in which we operate;


changes in technical and economic assumptions underlying our mineral


reserves estimates; geotechnical challenges due to the ageing of


certain mines and a trend toward mining deeper pits and more complex,


often deeper underground, deposits; and actual or alleged breach or


breaches in governance processes, fraud, bribery or corruption at our


operations that leads to censure, penalties or negative reputational


impacts.


The foregoing factors and others described under "Risk Factors" in


our Integrated Annual Report (www.har.co.za) and our Form 20-F should


not be construed as exhaustive. We undertake no obligation to update


publicly or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements


to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this annual


report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except


as required by law. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking


                                                                    8


statements attributable to Harmony or any person acting on its behalf


are qualified by the cautionary statements herein. Any forward-looking


statements contained in these financial results have not been reviewed


or reported on by Harmony's external auditors.


Competent Person's and Qualified Person's Statement


The information in this announcement that relates to the Eva Copper


Mineral Reserve is based on information compiled by Daniel Ross,


FAusIMM (221242), RPEQ 18378, a Competent Person as defined by the


SAMREC Code and a Qualified Person as defined under SK-1300. Daniel


is a full-time employee of Harmony. He has sufficient experience


relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under


consideration and consents to the inclusion of the information in the


form and context in which it appears. This competent person consents


to the inclusion in the announcement of the matters based on the


information in the form and context in which it appears.


The information that relates to the Mineral Resource estimate remains


unchanged from that published as at 30 June 2025. Harmony confirms


that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially


affects the Mineral Resource, and that all assumptions used in the


2025 estimate continue to apply.


Both the Resource and Reserve estimates use the same underlying


geological model, and the declared Reserve is wholly derived from


Indicated Mineral Resources only. The Mineral Resource continues to


demonstrate reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction


(RPEEE) under SAMREC.


The Mineral Reserve for the Eva Copper Project has been prepared and


reported in accordance with the SAMREC Code (2016, as amended 2020)


and SK-1300 disclosure requirements. The Reserve is based on the 2025


Feasibility Study, which incorporates all relevant Modifying Factors


including    mining,   metallurgical,    processing,    geotechnical,


hydrological, infrastructure, economic, marketing, environmental,


social, legal and governmental considerations at a Feasibility Study


level of confidence.


The Reserve estimate is based on pit optimisation and scheduling using


industry-standard software and incorporates dilution and ore loss via


10m × 10m × 10m Selective Mining Unit regularisation.


Mining will be undertaken using conventional open-pit methods (drill-


and-blast, truck-and-shovel) with staged pit designs, and ore


blending/stockpiling to optimise feed grade and recovery. Processing


is via an 18 Mtpa concentrator using a conventional crush-grind-


flotation flowsheet, with sulphide ore processed initially and native


copper ore blended up to 25% of feed before being processed alone in


the final year.


                                                                    9


Cut-off grades applied are 0.17% Cu (sulphide) and 0.25% Cu (native


copper), derived using a Net Smelter Return methodology.


Economic assumptions used in the Reserve estimation include the long


term copper price of US$4.25/lb, a gold price of US$2 237/oz, and a


US$:AUD exchange rate of 1.47.


Copper Reserve


 Reserve         Tonnes (Mt)   Grade (%Cu)     Copper (kt)


 Proved          -             -               -


 Probable        252           0.40            1 021


 Reserves        252           0.40            1 021


Gold Reserve


 Reserve         Tonnes (Mt)   Grade     (g/t Gold (koz)


                               Au)


Proved           -             -               -


Probable         148           0.07            317


Reserves         148           0.07            317


Note: Gold Mineral Reserves are reported separately as only three of


the six planned open pits contain economically mineable gold. The gold


tonnes represent the gold-bearing portion of ore from these pits and


are not additive to the Copper Reserve tonnage.


                                                                    10


Date: 24-11-2025 10:04:00
