URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251024_S512341.pdf]


Symbol [HAR]


Harmony completes MAC Copper acquisition, securing full ownership of CSA mine & unlocking immediate copper production


Harmony Gold Mining Company Ltd


Registration number: 1950/038232/06


Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa


ISIN: ZAE000015228


JSE share code: HAR


("Harmony" or the "company")


Harmony completes MAC Copper acquisition, securing full ownership of


CSA mine and unlocking immediate copper production


Johannesburg. Friday, 24 October 2025. Harmony Gold Mining Company


Limited ("Harmony" or "the Company") is pleased to announce the


successful completion of the acquisition of MAC Copper Limited


("MAC"), the owner of the high-grade CSA copper mine ("CSA mine") in


New South Wales, Australia, through its wholly owned Australian


subsidiary Harmony Gold (Australia) Pty Limited.


The transaction, first announced on 27 May 2025, was implemented


today, 24 October 2025 via a Jersey law Scheme of Arrangement


pursuant to Article 125 of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as


amended). Harmony has acquired 100% of MAC's securities at a price


of US$12.25 per share, implying a total equity value of US$1.01


billion (approximately R18.4 billion).


This transaction has been funded using cash reserves together with a


US$1.25 billion bridge facility.


"Harmony is one of the world's leading gold producers with a proud


75-year operating history and more than two decades of experience in


Australia and Papua New Guinea. Our proven operating model ?


extending the life of mines through disciplined investment in our


orebodies and our people ? has consistently delivered long-term


value for all stakeholders, making us the partner of choice wherever


we operate.


We are delighted to welcome the CSA mine employees to the Harmony


family. The completion of this acquisition marks a significant


milestone in our strategy to grow into a global gold and copper


producer, reinforcing our commitment to sustainable value creation.


CSA is a high-grade, long-life copper asset located in a Tier-1


jurisdiction. This asset will meaningfully enhance our business and


support our long-term growth," says Beyers Nel, Harmony Chief


Executive Officer.


The integration of the CSA mine into the Harmony portfolio will now


commence. Over the next three months, Harmony will be embedding the


mine into the broader Harmony Group, aligning its operations with


our proven planning and performance frameworks. This process is


designed to unlock synergies, enhance operational efficiency, and


position CSA to contribute meaningfully to Harmony's long-term value


creation. A detailed update on operational performance and key


development milestones ? including the ventilation project, upper


Merrin mine development and exploration activities through December


2025 ? will be provided at Harmony's half-year results (H1FY26)


presentation scheduled for late February or early March 2026.


At that time, we will also update our FY26 production guidance to


incorporate the CSA mine figures.


Harmony's planning parameters for FY27 will be embedded into CSA


mine to develop its FY27 life-of-mine plan, in alignment with the


planning approach used across our other operations. The CSA mine


life-of-mine plan will be released alongside our FY26 results


expected in August 2026.


For full details of the transaction, please refer to the SENS


announcement published on 27 May 2025, available on our website at:


www.harmony.co.za


Jared Coetzer


Head of Investor Relations


+27 (0) 82 746 4120


Johannesburg, South Africa


24 October 2025


JSE Sponsor


J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd


About Harmony


Harmony, a world-class gold and copper mining and development


company, operates and has assets in South Africa, Australia, and


Papua New Guinea (PNG). Harmony is South Africa's largest gold


producer by volume and company assets include nine underground


mines, one open pit operation and several surface retreatment


operations in South Africa, one open pit mine and several


exploration tenements in PNG, and now an operating copper mine in


Australia.


The company's primary stock exchange listing is on the JSE with a


secondary listing on the New York Stock Exchange. The bulk of our


shareholders are in South Africa and the United States. Additional


information on the company is available on the corporate website.


https://www.harmony.co.za/


About MAC Copper


MAC Copper Limited (NYSE: MTAL) is a company focused on operating


and acquiring metals and mining businesses in high quality, stable


jurisdictions that are critical in the electrification and


decarbonisation of the global economy.


https://maccopperlimited.com/


Date: 24-10-2025 07:05:00
