URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20250901_S509850.pdf]


Symbol [HAR]


Major Step Towards Quality Portfolio Growth: MAC Copper?s Shareholders Support Acquisition by Harmony


Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited


Registration number 1950/038232/06


Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa


ISIN: ZAE000015228


JSE share code: HAR


("Harmony" and/or "the Company")


MAJOR STEP TOWARDS QUALITY PORTFOLIO GROWTH: MAC COPPER'S SHAREHOLDERS


SUPPORT ACQUISITION BY HARMONY


Johannesburg. Monday, 1 September 2025: Harmony Gold Mining Company


Limited ("Harmony" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that MAC


Copper Limited ("MAC Copper") has received the requisite majority of


votes from its shareholders in favour of the proposed sale of 100% of


its issued share capital to Harmony Gold (Australia) Pty Ltd by way


of a Jersey law scheme of arrangement pursuant to Article 125 of the


Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) ("Scheme"). MAC Copper is the


owner of the high-grade CSA Copper mine (CSA) in Cobar, New South


Wales, Australia.


This is further to the approvals obtained from The South African


Reserve Bank (SARB) on 5 August 2025 and the Australian Foreign


Investment Review Board on 19 August 2025.


A detailed report of the votes cast at the Court Meeting and the


General Meeting can be obtained from the announcement given by MAC,


available on their website at www.maccopper.com.


"This acquisition accelerates Harmony's strategy of adding to our


portfolio of high-margin, long-life ore bodies. MAC Copper serves as


a strategic lever, moving us towards a more resilient, geographically


diverse asset portfolio, with copper enhancing cash flow resilience.


With our proven expertise in underground mining and exploration, we


will unlock further value from CSA," said Beyers Nel, CEO of Harmony.


Our rationale for acquiring MAC Copper includes:


?   Immediately cash flow positive: The CSA Copper mine is a high-


    grade, long-life asset that will contribute positive cash flow from


    day one.


?   High-grade, low-cost operation: CSA has a quality orebody and its


    position on the industry cost curve will further enhance margins.


?   Quality, long-life production growth addition to Harmony's


    portfolio: CSA adds approximately 40 000 tonnes per annum in high-


    quality copper to the Harmony portfolio.


?   Affordability and capital discipline: The transaction will be


    funded through a mix of cash, debt facilities or debt instruments.


    This will leverage Harmony's strong balance sheet and maintain


    financial flexibility, without compromising shareholder returns.


?   Commodity and geographical diversification and resilience:


    Copper provides a natural hedge against gold price volatility,


    strengthening Harmony's exposure to future-facing metals within


    a Tier 1 mining jurisdiction, and supports global decarbonisation


    and energy transition trends.


The Scheme remains subject to the satisfaction of the remaining


conditions as outlined in the Scheme Circular. Specifically, it is


conditional upon:


?   Fulfilment or waiver of certain specified conditions precedent to


    the Streams Restructure Deed;


?   Sanctioning of the Scheme by the Court at the Court Sanction


    Hearing, scheduled from 9 October 2025; and


?   Satisfaction of other customary conditions detailed in the Scheme


    Circular.


Post the finalisation of the remaining conditions, we anticipate that


Harmony will take control of the asset towards the end of October


2025.


Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meaning given to


them in the Scheme Circular, a copy of which is attached to MAC Copper's


announcement released on 31 July 2025.    A copy of the Scheme Circular is


available for viewing on MAC's website at www.maccopperlimited.com.


Please refer to the SENS announcement released on 27 May 2025 for the full


details of the transaction. This is available on our website at:


www.harmony.co.za.


A corresponding announcement has also been published by MAC Copper and is


available on their website at www.maccopperlimited.com.


Further updates will be provided in due course.


For more details, contact:


Jared Coetzer


Head of Investor Relations


+27 (0) 82 746 4120


Johannesburg


1 September 2025


JSE Sponsor


J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa (Pty) Ltd


Ends.


Date: 01-09-2025 07:30:00
