URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251210_S514697.pdf]


Symbol [LBR]


Disposal of Fresh Mushroom Operations, Voluntary Trading Update and Investor Pre-Close Conference Call


Libstar Holdings Limited


(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)


(Registration number 2014/032444/06)


(JSE share code: LBR)


(ISIN: ZAE000250239)


("Libstar" or the "Group")


DISPOSAL OF FRESH MUSHROOM OPERATIONS, VOLUNTARY TRADING UPDATE AND


INVESTOR PRE-CLOSE CONFERENCE CALL


DISPOSAL OF FRESH MUSHROOM OPERATIONS


Introduction


Libstar is pleased to advise shareholders that the Group has disposed of its fresh mushroom


operations effective from 1 December 2025 (the "Disposal").


The disposal represents a further decisive step in simplifying the Group's portfolio by


sharpening its focus on priority categories with sustainable growth potential.


Subject Matter and Financial Impact of the Disposal


The subject matter of the Disposal is the Group's fresh mushroom business, as a going


concern, inclusive of the properties situated in Gauteng (Deodar) and KwaZulu-Natal


(Shongweni).


The subject matter of the Disposal excludes:


   ? The property situated in the Western Cape (Phesantekraal), which remains subject to


       closure as communicated to shareholders on 16 September 2025. The Phesantekraal


       property will be divested by the Group in due course; and


   ? The Denny brand, which has been licensed to the purchaser for exclusive use in the


       fresh mushroom category. The Group will continue to produce and market value-added


       Denny-branded products, most notably within the Wet Condiments category.


The Group expects to report a loss on sale before tax of its fresh mushroom operations in the


annual financial results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 of between R45


million and R55 million. The aforementioned loss on sale will be included in the Group's


reported Earnings per Share, but excluded from the Group's reported Headline Earnings per


Share.


DISPOSAL OF HOUSEHOLD AND PERSONAL CARE BUSINESS


Aligned with the Group's strategic direction to exit non-food categories and focus exclusively on


food manufacturing, Libstar's Board of Directors (the "Board") is currently evaluating non-


binding expressions of interest in respect of the potential acquisition of the remaining


Household and Personal Care business, Contactim.


TRADING UPDATE


This voluntary pre-close trading update pertains to the 47-week period ended 21 November


2025 compared to the prior corresponding 47-week period ended 22 November 2024. The


                                                                                                1


results of the Group's fresh mushroom business, have been excluded from the current and


prior period to provide a like-for-like comparison of the Group's continuing operations.


Market Overview


Retail sales value growth for Libstar's Total Defined Market (excluding staples), continued to


decelerate in Q3. Wholesale channel sales growth exceeded growth in the Retail channel.


Consumers, therefore, continue to face financial pressure, notwithstanding moderating


inflation and interest rates.


Against this background, Libstar's portfolio delivered growth ahead of its Total Defined Market,


thereby sustaining the resilient trading momentum of H1.


Revenue Growth


Libstar's year-to-date revenue increased by 6.7%. Excluding the impact of the below


extraordinary items, Group volumes increased by 3.1% with a price/mix contribution of 3.6%.


As communicated in the Group's interim results for the six months ended 30 June 2025, sales


volumes were increased by significant extraordinary events, the year-to-date effects of which


are:


    ? A 9.0% increase in Group volumes as a result of the on-sale of unprocessed raw milk to


      Industrial channel customers in the Dairy sub-category, which facilitated the balancing


      of raw material and finished goods inventory levels; offset by


    ? A 1.2% decrease in Group volumes as a result of the closure of the Chamonix


      Springwater business in the prior year; and


    ? A 1.5% decrease in Group volumes as a result of lower Industrial channel bulk vinegar


      sales due to Q1 2025 capacity constraints.


Ambient Product Category


Ambient Products category revenue increased by 5.6%, driven by the continued resilient


performance of the Wet Condiments sub-category. Price and mix changes contributed 5.9% of


revenue growth while volumes decreased by 0.4%.


Excluding the impact of lower volume sales due to (i) the closure of Chamonix Springwater and


(ii) lower Industrial channel bulk vinegar sales, noted aforementioned, category volumes


increased by 4.5%.


Volume growth was driven:


    ? In the Retail and Wholesale channel, by sales of Wet Condiments and Principal Brands;


       and


    ? In the Food Service channel, by sales of Wet & Dry Condiments, Baking Aids, Baked


       goods and Meal-Ingredients.


Export volumes of Dry Condiments were lower than the prior year, characterised by a positive


mix change to Libstar Branded products and reduced private-label sales to discount retailers in


Australia, the UK, and Japan. The Cape Herb & Spice brand continued its double-digit growth in


local and international markets.


                                                                                                   2


Perishable Product Category


Perishable Products category revenue increased by 8.1%, with volumes up 23.2% and a


price/mix reduction of 15.0%.


Excluding the impact of raw milk sales, noted aforementioned, category volumes increased by


1.4%.


Volume growth was driven by value-added chicken products in the Retail and Food Service


channels. Volume sales of core Dairy sub-category items (cheese, butter and yoghurt)


increased by 4.7%, reflecting Lancewood's continued market leadership.


Gross Profit Margins


The Group's gross margins tracked ahead of the prior year.


Net Debt


The Group's year-to-date net interest-bearing debt to Normalised EBITDA ratio reduced from


the 1.3 times reported in H1 2025, driven by focused capital allocation and continued


efficiencies in the Dairy and Dry Condiment sub-categories. The Group is, therefore, on track to


deliver its year-end gearing and capital expenditure guidance.


UPDATE REGARDING STRATEGIC REVIEW


Shareholders are referred to the previous cautionary announcements published by Libstar on


SENS, the most recent of which was released today, 10 December 2025.


Shareholders are therefore advised to continue to exercise caution when dealing in Libstar


securities until a further announcement is made.


INVESTOR PRE-CLOSE CONFERENCE CALL


Shareholders are advised that Libstar will host a pre-close investor call at 17:00 (CAT) today, 10


December 2025, to provide an update for the year-to-date period ended 21 November 2025,


prior to entering a closed period on 31 December 2025.


Participants should register for the online meeting using the following link:


https://www.corpcam.com/Libstar10122025


OTHER INFORMATION


The financial information on which this pre-close trading update is based, has not been


reviewed nor reported on by the Group's external auditors.


The Board accepts responsibility for the information contained in this announcement and


certifies that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, the information relating to Libstar is


accurate and that no information has been omitted which is likely to affect the significance of


this announcement.


                                                                                                  3


Libstar expects to publish its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2025 on or about


17 March 2026.


Cape Town


10 December 2025


Sponsor


The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited


                                                                                               4


Date: 10-12-2025 08:05:00
