URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251114_S513381.pdf]


Symbol [CMH]


Share Repurchase Offer on a voluntary pro rata basis and withdrawal of cautionary announcement.


COMBINED MOTOR HOLDINGS LIMITED


(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)


(Registration number 1965/000270/06)


Share code: CMH ISIN: ZAE000088050


("CMH" or "the Company" or "the CMH Group")


JSE Main Board: General Segment


SHARE REPURCHASE OFFER BY THE COMPANY OF A MAXIMUM OF 11 220 300 ISSUED SHARES FROM


SHAREHOLDERS ON A VOLUNTARY PRO RATA BASIS IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 48(8)(b)


OF THE COMPANIES ACT NO 71 OF 2008, AS AMENDED ("COMPANIES ACT") AND


WITHDRAWAL OF CAUTIONARY ANNOUNCEMENT


1. Introduction


   The Directors of CMH ("Directors") refer shareholders of CMH ("Shareholders") to


   the interim results of the Company for the six months ended 31 August 2025 and


   cautionary announcement contained therein, released on SENS on 14 October


   2025 and published in the press on 15 October 2025, whereby, inter alia, it was


   announced that the Company intends making an offer to all Shareholders to submit


   for repurchase, on a voluntary pro rata basis, a percentage of their holding of CMH


   ordinary shares ("Shares") in the Company ("Share Repurchase Offer").


   The Share Repurchase Offer will be implemented in accordance with Section 48(8)(b)


   of the Companies Act and is contained in the circular (the "Circular")


   referred to in paragraph 6 below.


   In accordance with the "Important Dates and Times" indicated in paragraph 5


   below, the Share Repurchase Offer is being made to all Shareholders registered as


   such at close of business on Friday, 7 November 2025. Definitions and terms used


   in this announcement, unless otherwise stated, shall bear the same meanings as


   defined in the Circular.


2. Rationale for the Share Repurchase Offer


   2.1  The CMH Group currently holds, and has consistently held over several


        years, cash and near-cash reserves that exceed its present and reasonably


        foreseeable operational requirements. Following a review of the CMH Group's


        cash flow forecasts, the Directors are confident that these funds will not be


        needed for operational or other purposes within the next 12 months.


   2.2  Consequently, the Directors believe that rather than earn a relatively low


        interest return on the surplus funds, optimal use can better be made by


        returning the surplus funds to Shareholders by way of the Share Repurchase


        Offer.


   2.3  In considering this approach, the Directors have also taken into account the


        rather limited liquidity of the Company's Shares on the JSE, which can present


        difficulties for those larger Shareholders wishing to reduce their holdings of


        Shares for liquidity purposes.


   2.4  Shareholders should note that the actual number of Shares that will be


        repurchased and cancelled as to issue will depend on the collective


        elections made by Shareholders which can include them electing to sell their


        entire pro rata entitlement, part thereof, or nothing at all. Furthermore, no


        over-elections are permitted in terms of the Share Repurchase Offer.


   2.5  Accordingly, the Share Repurchase, irrespective of the quantum of


        acceptances by Offer Participants, and to a larger or lesser degree, may


        enhance future earnings and dividends per share. This is as a consequence


        of the reduced Shares that will be in issue following repurchased Shares


        reverting to authorised unissued Shares in accordance with Section 35(5)


        of the Companies Act. Clearly, until such time as the Share Repurchase is


        completed and the results thereof determined, it is not possible to speculate


        on the earnings and dividend effects going forward. In this regard, the next


        results of the Company to be reported on in respect of the year ending


        28 February 2026, will be based on the reduced number of issued Shares.


3. Salient terms of the Share Repurchase Offer


   The Circular to Shareholders referred to in paragraph 6 below provides full details


   of the Share Repurchase Offer and contains a Form of Acceptance for use only by


   Shareholders holding Shares in Certificated form.


   The salient terms of the Share Repurchase Offer are as follows:


   3.1  Shareholders are being offered the opportunity to submit for repurchase, on


        a voluntary pro rata basis, up to 15% of their holding of Shares or a portion


        thereof, in exchange for R35.50 per Share (3 550.0 cents per Share), ("Offer


        Consideration"). On this basis, acceptance of the Share Repurchase Offer is


        completely voluntary and free of any form of compulsory expropriation.


   3.2  Accordingly, and assuming a full take up of the Share Repurchase Offer, the


        Company will have utilised R398 320 650, exclusive of costs.


   3.3  The Share Repurchase Offer is restricted to a maximum number of


        11 220 300 Shares, representing 15% of the Company's present total issued


        ordinary Shares.


   3.4  For administration and cost reasons, the number of Shares to be repurchased


        from each participant will be rounded down to the nearest whole number of a


        CMH Share.


   3.5  The Offer Consideration will be paid, in full, in cash, rounded up or down


        to the nearest whole cent, in accordance with the terms of the Share


        Repurchase Offer without regard to any lien, right of set-off, counterclaim


        or other analogous right to which CMH may otherwise be, or claim to be,


        entitled against any Offer Participant.


   3.6  The CMH Shares repurchased will be delisted from the JSE on Wednesday,


        17 December 2025, and will be cancelled as to issue.


   3.7  The Share Repurchase Offer is not subject to any conditions precedent.


   3.8  The Directors confirm that CMH will satisfy the solvency and liquidity test


        immediately post payment of the Offer Consideration.


4. Foreign Shareholders and Tax implications


   4.1  The legality of the Share Repurchase Offer to persons resident in jurisdictions


        outside of South Africa may be affected by the laws of the relevant


        jurisdiction. It is the responsibility of any Shareholder wanting to accept the


        Share Repurchase Offer to ascertain and observe the applicable laws of their


        relevant jurisdiction.


   4.2  The tax implications of the Share Repurchase Offer are dependent upon


        the individual circumstances of the Shareholders concerned, and the tax


        jurisdiction applicable to such Shareholder.


   4.3  Shareholders should therefore take their own advice on the taxation effects of


        the Share Repurchase offer.


   4.4  Further information pertaining to the Share Repurchase Offer is included in


        the Circular referred to in paragraph 6 below.


   4.5  The Offer Consideration of R35.50 (3 550.0 cents per Share) in cash owing by


        CMH for each Share repurchased, will comprise 36.62 cents, being a refund


        of contributed tax capital ("capital payment"), and 3 513.38 cents, being a


        deemed dividend distribution payment.


   4.6  The dividend distribution will be subject to dividend withholding tax ("DWT")


        at a rate of 20%, unless the respective Offer Participants are exempt from


        DWT in terms of Section 64F of the Income Tax Act of South Africa, which will


        then accordingly result in a net dividend distribution of 2 810.7040 cents per


        Share.


   4.7  It is recommended that prior to taking any action pertaining to participation


        in the Share Repurchase Offer, Offer Participants should seek appropriate


        advice from their own tax and/or other professional advisors regarding the


        taxation implications arising out of the acceptance of the Offer.


5. Important Dates and Times


   Action                                                                       2025


   Record date for Shareholders to be recorded in the


   register of Shareholders of the Company in order to


   receive the Circular to Shareholders referred to in


   paragraph 6 below on                                           Friday, 7 November


   This announcement and Share Repurchase Offer


   Circular link contained therein, published on the


   Stock Exchange News Service ("SENS") and


   Circular posted to Shareholders recorded as such


   in the share register of the Company on Friday,


   7 November 2025, on                                           Friday, 14 November


   Share Repurchase Offer announcement and Circular


   link contained therein, published in the South African


   press on                                                      Monday, 17 November


   Opening date of the Share Repurchase Offer at


   09:00 on                                                      Monday, 17 November


   The last day to trade in the Company's Shares in order


   to be registered as a Shareholder in the Register at


   the Record Date on                                            Tuesday, 9 December


   Shares trade "ex" the right to participate in the Share


   Repurchase Offer on                                        Wednesday, 10 December


   Record Date, being the date by which a Shareholder


   must be recorded as such in the Register in order to


   be entitled to participate in the Share Repurchase


   Offer on                                                      Friday, 12 December


   Closing Date, being the date for the closing of the


   Share Repurchase Offer at 12:00 on                            Friday, 12 December


   Payment Date, being the date for the settling of the


   Offer Consideration on                                        Monday, 15 December


   Date for the delisting from the JSE of the Shares


   repurchased in terms of the Share Repurchase Offer


   from the commencement of trading on the JSE on             Wednesday, 17 December


   Notes:


   1. The abovementioned times are South African times and dates and are subject to change.


      Any such change will be released on SENS.


   2. Shares may not be Dematerialised or rematerialised between the date on which CMH


      Shares trade "ex" the Share Repurchase Offer and the Record Date, both dates inclusive.


   3. Dematerialised Shareholders are required to notify their duly appointed CSDP or Broker


      of their acceptance of the Share Repurchase Offer in the manner and within the time


      stipulated in the agreement governing the relationship between the relevant Shareholder


      and his CSDP or Broker.


   4. The CSDP or Broker accounts of Dematerialised Shareholders will be automatically


      credited with the Offer Consideration to the extent to which they have accepted the Share


      Repurchase Offer.


   5. As applicable, share certificates in respect of Shares arising as a process of the


      implementation of the Share Repurchase Offer will be returned by registered post to


      Certificated Shareholders at their own risk.


6. Posting of Share Repurchase Offer Circular


   The Circular providing full details of the Share Repurchase Offer and containing a


   Form of Acceptance for the use only by Shareholders holding Shares in Certificated


   form has been posted today to all Shareholders registered as such in the


   Company's share register as at the close of business on Friday, 7 November 2025.


   A copy of the Circular can also be found on the Company's website at


   www.cmh.co.za/investor/circulars


7. Withdrawal of Cautionary announcement


   As the full details and terms of the Share Repurchase Offer have now been published,


   the cautionary announcement referred to in paragraph 1 is now withdrawn.


14 November 2025


                            Sponsor and Corporate Advisor


                      PricewaterhouseCoopers Corporate Finance (Pty) Ltd


Date: 14-11-2025 12:00:00
