URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251029_S512570.pdf]


Symbol [PHP]


Acquisition of Assura plc ? CMA Phase 1 Clearance


Primary Health Properties PLC


(Incorporated in the United Kingdom)


Company Number: 3033634


LSE Share Code: PHP


JSE Share Code: PHP


ISIN Code: GB00BYRJ5J14


LEI: 213800Y5CJHXOATK7X11


("PHP" or the "Group" or the "Company")


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


29 October 2025


                          Acquisition of Assura plc ? CMA Phase 1 Clearance


Further to the announcement by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority ("CMA") earlier today in relation


to its Phase 1 review of the Company's combination with Assura plc ("Assura"), PHP is pleased to note that


the CMA has concluded that the transaction gives rise to no competition concerns.


As a result of this decision, the CMA's requirement for the businesses to be held financially and operationally


separate, subject to certain derogations, is expected to conclude shortly. PHP will now turn its full attention


to the integration of the two businesses and realising the full benefits of the combination, including delivery


of the expected run-rate cost synergies of at least £9 million.


Mark Davies, CEO of PHP, commented:


"We are pleased with the decision announced by the CMA today that there are no competition concerns with


this strategically important transaction and we appreciate the work done by the CMA team during their review.


The management team can now focus on the integration of the two companies and is excited about the


prospect and opportunity it will bring by creating a £6bn healthcare REIT owning, managing and investing in


critical social infrastructure assets in a sector well placed to deliver growth.


This earnings-accretive transaction, which has compelling strategic and financial benefits, will give PHP a


lower cost of capital and a strong platform to accelerate our future expansion.


I'm looking forward to working with our new colleagues from Assura and working together to help the NHS


deliver its 10-year plan by shifting more patients into primary care which will help the NHS save money. We


have the knowledge, expertise and relationships and with a lower cost of capital are well-placed to help


deliver modern, flexible healthcare buildings in communities around the UK and Ireland."


The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of PHP is Toby Newman,


Company Secretary.


Enquires


Primary Health Properties PLC                                                    +44 (0) 7970 246 725


Harry Hyman, Non-Executive Chair                                                      via Sodali & Co


Mark Davies, Chief Executive Officer


Richard Howell, Chief Financial Officer


Sodali & Co (Communications for PHP)                                             +44 (0) 7970 246 725


Rory Godson


Elly Williamson


Louisa Henry


The Company has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and a secondary listing on the JSE


Limited.


United Kingdom


29 October 2025


Sponsor: PSG Capital
