URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251006_S511400.pdf]


Symbol [MNP]


Q3 Trading Update


Mondi plc


(Incorporated in England and Wales)


(Registered number: 6209386)


LEI: 213800LOZA69QFDC9N34


LSE share code: MNDI


JSE share code: MNP ISIN: GB00BMWC6P49


This announcement contains inside information


6 October 2025


                                     Q3 Trading Update


Mondi plc ("Mondi") a global leader in sustainable packaging and paper, today provides an


update on trading for the three months to 30 September 2025 ("third quarter" or "Q3 2025").


Key Points


?   Underlying EBITDA in the third quarter of ?223 million, including ?20 million of forestry


    fair value gain


?   Challenging trading environment continued through the quarter


?   Ongoing initiatives to optimise Mondi's competitive advantage


?   Business unit reorganisation


?   Focus on returns and cash generation


?   Well positioned to benefit when market conditions improve


Q3 Trading Update


The trading environment in the third quarter remained challenging, resulting in an underlying


EBITDA of ?223 million, including ?20 million of forestry fair value gain. Volumes were


impacted by subdued demand and paper selling prices declined during the quarter. To mitigate


the impact of the softer markets, we proactively extended certain scheduled annual


maintenance shuts.


Underlying EBITDA was lower than the second quarter ('Q2 2025') in both our Corrugated and


Flexible Packaging businesses. This was as a result of lower sales volumes and the impact of


planned maintenance shuts in the upstream pulp and paper businesses. In addition, selling


prices declined during the period, largely reversing the increases implemented during the first


half of 2025. Our packaging converting businesses delivered a stable performance compared


to the second quarter. Uncoated Fine Paper performance was significantly impacted by lower


sales volumes due to weak demand and intense competition, planned maintenance shuts and


declining selling prices for uncoated fine paper and pulp.


Challenging trading conditions are expected to persist for the remainder of this year as


demand-side confidence remains fragile, key markets remain in oversupply and current selling


prices are lower than third quarter average selling prices.


Ongoing initiatives to optimise Mondi's competitive advantage


Mondi's resilience remains strongly supported by our cost competitive production base,


vertical integration strengths and balanced geographic, end-use and product exposure. While


we remain confident in the structural drivers underpinning through-cycle growth in our


packaging solutions, we are equally cognisant of the impact of the current prolonged cyclical


downturn on near term performance. In response, we have intensified our focus on operational


efficiency, cost control and cash generation in order to maximise our competitive advantage.


These initiatives continue to mitigate the impact of softer markets and are aimed at protecting


value today while ensuring we are well positioned to capture growth and deliver enhanced


returns when favourable market conditions return.


The integration of the recently acquired Schumacher business is progressing well. We remain


confident in the opportunities arising from the broader geographic reach, vertical integration


and synergy benefits. In the six months since completion, we have focused on integrating the


business while driving the commercial strategy, and have identified an additional ?10 million


cost synergies, taking the total to ?32 million, to be realised over the three years from


completion.


Business unit reorganisation


With effect from 1 October, the Group has been organised into two business units ?


Corrugated Packaging and Flexible Packaging. We have combined Uncoated Fine Paper with


Corrugated Packaging to form an enlarged Corrugated Packaging Business Unit. Flexible


Packaging remains unchanged.


These changes will facilitate a more streamlined organisation supporting faster decision


making, cost take-out and delivery of operational synergies across our pulp and paper mills,


while retaining our customer focused value chain orientation.


Focus on returns and cash generation


After a period of investment, Mondi is reaching the end of its current investment cycle with all


major capacity expansion projects built on time, on budget and operational. Our focus is now


on achieving full productivity ramp-up, executing our commercial strategy, driving cash


generation and delivering returns.


Current profitability from these projects is heavily influenced by prevailing market conditions


and, as such, it is now expected the net incremental contribution to EBITDA in FY2025 will be


around ?30 million. We remain confident that our expansionary projects are cost competitive,


deliver significant integration benefits and, once fully optimised, will deliver mid-teen returns


on a through cycle basis.


Good progress has been made with the feasibility study to build a new sack kraft paper


machine at our pulp mill in Hinton (Canada). While this project remains strategically attractive,


we have taken the decision to delay the investment due to the current market environment.


We retain full optionality to invest and are well positioned to accelerate when favourable


conditions return.


Current capital expenditure remains focused on stay in business capital expenditure and cost


optimisation opportunities.


Andrew King, CEO Mondi Group commented: -


"Trading conditions in the third quarter were challenging, with softer volumes and declining


prices across most pulp and paper grades.


"Across the Group, we remain relentlessly focused on managing the controllables. We have


sharpened our emphasis on margin management, rigorous cost optimisation and continuous


improvement. These initiatives enable us to navigate current headwinds, build a stronger,


more efficient operating platform and drive free cash flow. This will protect value today and


deliver enhanced returns when market conditions improve.


"Looking further ahead, we remain confident in the long-term sustainable growth fundamentals


of our packaging businesses. Our leading positions across attractive packaging markets,


supported by a well-invested, cost advantaged and integrated asset base ensure Mondi is well


placed to capture future growth and deliver value for our shareholders."


                                          - END ?


 ? million


                                          Q1         Q2           Q3        Q4


 2025 Underlying EBITDA


                                          290        274         223            -


 (including forestry fair value)


 2025 Forestry fair value gain            2          16           20            -


 2024 Underlying EBITDA


                                          214        351         223        261


 (including forestry fair value)


 2024 Forestry fair value gain/(loss)     15         34          (15)       (27)


Enquiries


Investors/analysts:


Fiona Lawrence                                               +44 742 587 8683


Mondi Group: Head of Investor Relations


Media:


Kerry Cooper                                                 +44 7881 455 806


Mondi Group: Group Communication Director


Richard Mountain                                             +44 790 968 4466


FTI Consulting


The person responsible for arranging the release of this announcement on behalf of Mondi plc


is Jenny Hampshire, Company Secretary.


Results call details


A call will be held today at 08:00 (BST), 9:00 (CET/SAST).


Event registration link:


https://storm-virtual-uk.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_GrMIFv3oSdaAs3o1Oti0hg


Once registered, you will receive a confirmation email from 'Mondi Group Events' with the


webinar link and ID.


A replay will be available on our website within a couple hours after the end of the live results


presentation at:    https://www.mondigroup.com/investors/results-reports-and-presentations/


For any queries, please e-mail
[email protected]
.


Editor's notes


Mondi is a global leader in packaging and paper, contributing to a better world by producing


products that are sustainable by design. We employ 24,000 people in more than 30 countries


and operate an integrated business with expertise spanning the entire value chain, enabling


us to offer our customers a broad range of innovative solutions for consumer and industrial


end-use applications. Sustainability is at the centre of our strategy, with our ambitious


commitments to 2030 focused on circular driven solutions, created by empowered people,


taking action on climate.


In 2024, Mondi had revenues of ?7.4 billion and underlying EBITDA of ?1.0 billion. Mondi is


listed on the London Stock Exchange in the ESCC category (MNDI), where the Group is a


FTSE100 constituent. It also has a secondary listing on the JSE Limited (MNP).


mondigroup.com


Sponsor in South Africa: Merrill Lynch South Africa Proprietary Limited t/a BofA Securities.


Date: 06-10-2025 08:00:00
