URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251121_S513036.pdf]


Symbol [CCD]


Update on offer price and bookbuilding process


Cell C Holdings Limited


(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)


(Registration number: 2025/688465/06)


JSE share code: CCD


ISIN: ZAE000109088


("the Company")


NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE


OR IN PART, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA AND JAPAN OR ANY


OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL


UPDATE ON OFFER PRICE AND BOOKBUILDING PROCESS


THE ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO ANY PERSON IN ANY


JURISDICTION TO SELL OR ISSUE OR AN OFFER TO BUY OR SUBSCRIBE FOR, ANY SECURITY,


NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY SALE, ISSUANCE, TRANSFER OR DELIVERY OF THE SECURITIES


REFERRED TO IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN ANY JURISDICTION IN CONTRAVENTION OF


APPLICABLE LAW, OR WHERE FURTHER ACTION IS REQUIRED FOR SUCH PURPOSE.


Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used in this announcement have the same meaning


given in the full pre-listing statement made available on the Company's investor relations


website at https://www.cellc.com (the "Pre-listing Statement")


On Thursday 13 November 2025, the Company published its Pre-listing Statement and announced an


indicative Offer Price Range of ZAR29.50 to ZAR35.50 per Offer Share. This pricing range implied a


market capitalisation for the Company of between c.ZAR10 billion and c.ZAR12 billion.


Following the ongoing bookbuild process, Blu Label Unlimited Group Limited ("Blu Label") approved a


final Offer Price of ZAR26.50 per Offer Share, which implies a market capitalisation of the Company of


c.ZAR9 billion based on 340 million Ordinary Shares in issue at the time of Admission.


As noted in the Pre-listing Statement, the Offer also included an Overallotment Option, granted by the


Selling Shareholder to the Stabilisation Manager to purchase up to 9 520 000 Overallotment Shares,


for the purpose of covering short positions for Ordinary Shares overalloted in the Offer. It is no longer


intended to overallot any Ordinary Shares in the Offer.


The bookbuilding period for the Offer will be extended until 16:00pm South African standard time on


Friday, 21 November 2025. This extension provides investors with additional time to consider the final


Offer Price as part of their investment decisions.


Sandton


21 November 2025


Transaction Sponsor


Rand Merchant Bank (a division of FirstRand Bank Limited)


Joint Global Coordinator, Financial Adviser to Blu Label and Cell C and Stabilisation Manager


Rand Merchant Bank (a division of FirstRand Bank Limited)


Dave Sinclair


+27 11 282 8077


Joint Global Coordinator


Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc


Jako van der Walt


Natasha Sanders


+44 (0) 20 7425 8000


Joint Global Coordinator and Financial Adviser to Blu Label


Investec Bank Limited


Jarrett Geldenhuys


+27 11 286 7000


South African legal adviser to the Company


DLA Piper Advisory Services Proprietary Limited


International legal adviser to the Company


DLA Piper UK LLP


South African legal adviser to the Joint Global Coordinators


Bowman Gilfillan Inc. t/a Bowmans


International legal adviser to the Joint Global Coordinators


Milbank LLP


South African legal adviser to TPC and Blu Label


Werksmans Attorneys Inc.


Independent Auditor


SNG Grant Thornton


Investor Relations


[email protected]


Media


[email protected]


DISCLAIMER


Forward looking statements


This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements which relate to the Group's possible


future actions, including the Offer and Admission. Forward-looking statements as a general matter are


all statements other than statements as to historical facts or present facts or circumstances and may


be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words "attempt", "believe",


"continue", "can", "calculate", "could", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "guidance", "intend", "may",


"might", "plan", "potential", "predict", "prepare", "projected", "should", "shall", "will" or "would" or, in each


case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans,


objectives, goals, future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ


materially from actual results. All forward-looking statements are solely based on the views and


considerations of the board of directors of the Company, and in particular as at the date hereof. These


statements involve risk and uncertainty as they relate to events and depend on circumstance that may


or may not occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are based on various estimates and/or


assumptions subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause future


events or the Group's actual results, performance or achievements to materially differ from those


expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue


reliance on the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements have not been reviewed


or reported on by the Group's external auditors.


Blu Label and the Company expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise


any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information,


future developments or otherwise, and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be


any form of commitment on the part of Blu Label or the Company to proceed with the proposed Offer.


Important information


The information contained in this announcement is subject to change, is provided for background


purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed by any person


for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or


completeness.


This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, any offer


or inducement or invitation or commitment to purchase or subscribe for, or any solicitation of any offer


to purchase or subscribe for, any shares or securities in the Company, Cell C, any other member of the


Group or in any other entity in any jurisdiction.


None of Blu Label, the Joint Global Coordinators (or any of their respective affiliates) or any of their (or


their affiliates') directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability


whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy


or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted


from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company, Cell C, their subsidiaries or


associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted


or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents


or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Accordingly, Blu Label, the Joint Global Coordinators (and


any of their respective affiliates) and any of their (or their affiliates') directors, officers, employees,


advisers or agents expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent possible, any and all liability whatsoever for


any loss howsoever arising from, or in reliance upon, the whole or any part of the contents of this


announcement, whether in tort / delict, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect


of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.


The Joint Global Coordinators are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection


with the Offer. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the proposed


Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections


afforded to their respective customers or for giving advice in relation to the proposed Offer and the


Listing or any transaction or arrangement referred to herein.


In connection with the Offer, each of the Joint Global Coordinators and any of their respective affiliates,


may take up a portion of the shares in the Offer as a principal position and in that capacity may retain,


purchase or sell for its own account such securities and any shares or related investments and may


offer or sell such shares or other investments otherwise than in connection with the proposed Offer.


Accordingly, references in the Pre-Listing Statement, to shares being offered or placed should be read


as including any offering or placement of shares to any of the Joint Global Coordinators or any of their


respective affiliates acting in such capacity. In addition, certain of the Joint Global Coordinators or their


affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps or contracts for differences) with


investors in connection with which such Joint Global Coordinators (or their affiliates) may from time to


time acquire, hold or dispose of shares. None of the Joint Global Coordinators intend to disclose the


extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory


obligation to do so.


This announcement is not for release, publication, or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into the


United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District


of Columbia), Australia, Canada or Japan or any other jurisdiction if such distribution is restricted or


prohibited by, or would constitute a violation of, the relevant laws or regulations of such jurisdiction. If


the distribution of this announcement and any accompanying documentation in or into any jurisdiction


outside of South Africa is restricted or prohibited by, or would constitute a violation of, the laws or


regulations of any such jurisdiction, such document is deemed to have been sent for information


purposes only and should not be copied or redistributed. Further, any persons who are subject to the


laws of any jurisdiction other than South Africa should inform themselves about, and observe, any


applicable requirements or restrictions. Any failure to comply with the applicable requirements or


restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.


The securities mentioned herein (the 'Securities') have not been and will not be, registered under the


US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act') or under any securities laws of any state


or other jurisdiction of the United States. The Securities may not be offered, sold, taken up, exercised,


resold, renounced, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into the United States except


pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the


Securities Act and in compliance with any applicable securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of


the United States. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States, Canada, Australia and


Japan.


In the United Kingdom, this communication is only directed at persons who are 'qualified investors'


within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation EU 2017/1129 as it forms part of retained EU law by


virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are also; (i) investment professionals falling


within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005


(the 'Order'); (ii) high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order; and (iii) other


persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated (all such persons in (i), (ii) and (iii) above, together


being referred to as 'relevant persons'). In the Unitedbelieve",


"continue", "can", "calculate", "could", "estimate", "expect", "forecast", "guidance", "intend", "may",


"might", "plan", "potential", "predict", "prepare", "projected", "should", "shall", "will" or "would" or, in each


case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans,


objectives, goals, future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ


materially from actual results. All forward-looking statements are solely based on the views and


considerations of the board of directors of the Company, and in particular as at the date hereof. These


statements involve risk and uncertainty as they relate to events and depend on circumstance that may


or may not occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are based on various estimates and/or


assumptions subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause future


events or the Group's actual results, performance or achievements to materially differ from those


expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue


reliance on the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements have not been reviewed


or reported on by the Group's external auditors.


Blu Label and the Company expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise


any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information,


future developments or otherwise, and the distribution of this announcement shall not be deemed to be


any form of commitment on the part of Blu Label or the Company to proceed with the proposed Offer.


Important information


The information contained in this announcement is subject to change, is provided for background


purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed by any person


for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or


completeness.


This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell or issue, any offer


or inducement or invitation or commitment to purchase or subscribe for, or any solicitation of any offer


to purchase or subscribe for, any shares or securities in the Company, Cell C, any other member of the


Group or in any other entity in any jurisdiction.


None of Blu Label, the Joint Global Coordinators (or any of their respective affiliates) or any of their (or


their affiliates') directors, officers, employees, advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability


whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy


or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted


from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company, Cell C, their subsidiaries or


associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted


or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents


or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Accordingly, Blu Label, the Joint Global Coordinators (and


any of their respective affiliates) and any of their (or their affiliates') directors, officers, employees,


advisers or agents expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent possible, any and all liability whatsoever for


any loss howsoever arising from, or in reliance upon, the whole or any part of the contents of this


announcement, whether in tort / delict, contract or otherwise which they might otherwise have in respect


of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.


The Joint Global Coordinators are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection


with the Offer. They will not regard any other person as their respective  Kingdom, any invitation, offer or agreement to


subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire Securities will be engaged in only with relevant persons.


Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this


communication or any of its contents.


In any member state of the European Economic Area, this communication is only directed at qualified


investors in such member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation EU 2017/1129, and


no person that is not a qualified investor may act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.


This announcement does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation or advertisement to


purchase and/or subscribe for shares in South Africa, including an offer to the public for the sale of, or


subscription for, or the solicitation of an offer to buy and/or subscribe for, shares as defined in the South


African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008 (as amended) or otherwise (the 'Act') and will not be distributed


to any person in South Africa in any manner that could be construed as an offer to the public in terms


of the Act. Accordingly, this announcement does not constitute a 'registered prospectus' or an


'advertisement' relating to an 'offer to the public', as contemplated by the Act. No prospectus has been,


or will be, filed with the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission in respect of


this information.


The contents of this announcement have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority, other than the


JSE. This announcement does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or


needs of any particular person. Further, the information contained herein is only preliminary and


indicative and does not purport to contain any information that would be required to evaluate the Group,


its respective financial position and/or any investment decision.


This announcement is not intended to provide, and should not be relied upon for, accounting, legal or


tax advice nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding any potential securities offering. In


particular, the information contained in this announcement constitutes factual information as


contemplated in section 1(3)(a) of the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act,


No. 37 of 2002 (as amended), and should not be construed as an express or implied recommendation,


guide or proposal that any investment in the Group or Cell C, is appropriate to the particular investment


objectives, financial situations or needs of any prospective investor, and nothing in this announcement


should be construed as constituting the canvassing for, or marketing or advertising of, financial services


in South Africa.


Date: 21-11-2025 12:07:00
