URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251202_S514305.pdf]


Symbol [SSW]


Sibanye-Stillwater reaches a three-year wage agreement at its SA gold operations


Sibanye Stillwater Limited


Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa


Registration number 2014/243852/06


Share codes: SSW (JSE) and SBSW (NYSE)


ISIN ? ZAE000259701


Issuer code: SSW


("Sibanye-Stillwater","the Company" and/or "the Group")


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


Sibanye-Stillwater reaches a three-year wage agreement at its SA gold


operations


Johannesburg, 2 December 2025: Sibanye-Stillwater (JSE: SSW and NYSE: SBSW)


is pleased to announce the successful conclusion of wage negotiations at its


South African (SA) gold operations, which began in July 2025. A three-year


agreement has been reached with the representative unions ? the Association


of Mineworkers and Construction Union (AMCU), the National Union of


Mineworkers (NUM), UASA, and Solidarity ? regarding annual wage and benefit


increases for the SA gold employees.


The agreement is effective for three years from 1 July 2025 to 30 June 2028,


with the estimated average three-year basic wage increase for the total


bargaining-unit wage bill, including all benefits, approximately 5.4% per


annum. Category 4- 8 employees will receive an increase on the greater of the


standard rate of pay of R850 or 4.5% in year 1; R900 or 4.8% in year 2; and


R1,000 or 5.0% in year 3 while miners, artisans and officials will receive


increases of 4.5% in year 1, 4.8% in year 2 and 5.0% in year 3 of the


agreement.


Sibanye-Stillwater CEO, Richard Stewart, commented: "We would like to


acknowledge organised labour for the constructive dialogue and are pleased to


have finalised a multi-year wage agreement that is fair for our employees


while also providing stability and sustainability at the SA gold operations,


aligning all stakeholders' interests."


About Sibanye-Stillwater


Sibanye-Stillwater is a multinational mining and metals processing group with


a diverse portfolio of operations, projects and investments across five


continents. The Group is also one of the foremost global recyclers of a suite


of metals and has interests in leading mine tailings retreatment operations.


Sibanye-Stillwater is one of the world's largest primary producers of


platinum, palladium, and rhodium and is a top tier gold producer. It also


produces and refines iridium and ruthenium, nickel, chrome, copper and


cobalt. The Group has also diversified into battery metals mining and


processing and has increased its presence in the circular economy by growing


its recycling and tailings reprocessing exposure globally. For more


information, see www.sibanyestillwater.com.


Investor relations contact:


Email:
[email protected]


James Wellsted


Executive Vice President: Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs


Tel: +27 (0) 83 453 4014


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sibanye-stillwater


Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SibanyeStillwater


YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@sibanyestillwater/videos


X: https://twitter.com/SIBSTILL


Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited


DISCLAIMER


FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS


This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of


the "safe harbour" provisions of the United States Private Securities


Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of


historical fact included in this presentation may be forward-looking


statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words


such as "will", "would", "expect", "forecast", "potential", "may", "could"


"believe", "aim", "anticipate", "intend", "target", "estimate" and words of


similar meaning.


These forward-looking statements, including among others, those relating to


Sibanye Stillwater Limited's (Sibanye-Stillwater or the Group) future


financial position, business strategies and other strategic initiatives,


business prospects, industry forecasts, production and operational guidance,


climate and ESG-related targets and metrics, and plans and objectives for


future operations, project finance and the completion or successful


integration of acquisitions, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best


judgement of Sibanye-Stillwater's senior management. Readers are cautioned


not to place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements


involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,


many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of


Sibanye-Stillwater, that could cause its actual results and outcomes to be


materially different from historical results or from any future results


expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. As


Websites


References in this announcement to information on websites (and/or social


media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such information is


not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this announcement.


Date: 02-12-2025 12:00:00
