URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20250909_S510311.pdf]


Symbol [SSW]


Sibanye-Stillwater completes the acquisition of Metallix


Sibanye Stillwater Limited


Incorporated in the Republic of South


Africa Registration number


2014/243852/06


Share codes: SSW (JSE) and SBSW


(NYSE) ISIN ? ZAE000259701


Issuer code: SSW


("Sibanye-Stillwater","the Company" and/or "the Group")


Registered Address:


Constantia Office Park


Bridgeview House ? Building 11 ? Ground


Floor Cnr 14th Avenue & Hendrik Potgieter


Road Weltevreden Park ? 1709


Postal Address:


Private Bag X5 ? Westonaria ? 1780


Tel +27 11 278 9600 ? Fax +27 11 278 9863


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


MARKET RELEASE


Sibanye-Stillwater completes the acquisition of Metallix


Johannesburg, 9 September 2025: Sibanye-Stillwater (Tickers JSE: SSW and NYSE: SBSW) is pleased to advise


that all conditions have been satisfied for the acquisition of Metallix Refining (Metallix) announced on 21


July 2025, and that the acquisition of Metallix was successfully concluded on 4 September 2025 for a


provisional equity cash purchase consideration of US$78 million (total purchase consideration of US$129


million on a debt-free basis)1.


The acquisition of Metallix strengthens and complements Sibanye-Stillwater's existing US recycling


operations and is expected to unlock significant value through cost and operational synergies across the


combined businesses. For more information, refer to the announcement from 21 July 2025:


https://www.sibanyestillwater.com/news-investors/news/transactions/metallix/.


1Change in final cash purchase consideration from the US$82 million announced on 21 July 2025 is mainly attributable to working


capital movements in the ordinary course of business since the initial announcement and closure of the acquisition.


About Sibanye-Stillwater


Sibanye-Stillwater is a multinational mining and metals processing group with a diverse portfolio of operations,


projects and investments across five continents. The Group is a foremost global recycler of a suite of metals and has


interests in leading mine tailings retreatment operations.


Sibanye-Stillwater is one of the world's largest primary producers of platinum, palladium, and rhodium and is a top


tier gold producer. It also produces and refines iridium and ruthenium, nickel, chrome, copper and cobalt. The Group


has also diversified into battery metals mining and processing and has increased its presence in the circular economy


by growing its recycling and tailings reprocessing exposure globally. For more information refer to


www.sibanyestillwater.com.


Investor relations contact:


Email:
[email protected]


James Wellsted


Executive Vice President: Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs


Tel: +27 (0) 83 453 4014


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sibanye-stillwater


Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SibanyeStillwater


YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@sibanyestillwater/videos


X: https://twitter.com/SIBSTILL


Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited


Advisors and counsel


Financial Advisor: Goldman Sachs International


Legal Advisors: Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP


DISCLAIMER


                                                               1


FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS


This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbour" provisions of the United States


Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this announcement


may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "will", "would",


"expect", "forecast", "potential", "may", "could", "believe", "aim", "anticipate", "intend", "target", "estimate" and words of


similar meaning.


These forward-looking statements, including among others, those relating to Sibanye Stillwater Limited's (Sibanye-Stillwater or the


Group) future financial position, business strategies and other strategic initiatives, business prospects, industry forecasts,


production and operational guidance, climate and ESG-related targets and metrics, and plans and objectives for future


operations, project finance and the completion or successful integration of acquisitions, and the anticipated benefits of


acquisitions are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgement of Sibanye-Stillwater's senior management. Readers are


cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements involve a number of known and


unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sibanye-


Stillwater, that could cause its actual results and outcomes to be materially different from historical results or from any future results


expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. As a consequence, these forward-looking statements should be


considered in light of various important factors, including those set forth in Sibanye-Stillwater's 2024 Integrated Report and annual


report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on 25 April 2025 (SEC File no. 333-234096). These


forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this presentation. Sibanye-Stillwater expressly disclaims any obligation or


undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement (except to the extent legally required).


Websites


References in this announcement to information on websites (and/or social media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such


information is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this announcement.


                                                                     2


Date: 09-09-2025 04:19:00
