URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251021_S512194.pdf]


Symbol [SSW]


Sibanye-Stillwater implements new Chrome agreements with the Glencore Merafe Venture


Sibanye Stillwater Limited


Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa


Registration number 2014/243852/06


Share codes: SSW (JSE) and SBSW (NYSE)


ISIN ? ZAE000259701


Issuer code: SSW


("Sibanye-Stillwater", "the Company" and/or "the Group")


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


Sibanye-Stillwater implements new Chrome agreements with the Glencore Merafe


Venture


Johannesburg, 21 October 2025: Sibanye-Stillwater (JSE: SSW and NYSE: SBSW)


is pleased to announce that all the conditions precedent, necessary for


implementation of the new chrome agreements with the Glencore Merafe Venture


(GM Venture) have been fulfilled.


The strategic and mutually beneficial enhancements to the historical contract


previously concluded between Lonmin and the GM Venture (Marikana Contract)


and the new Chrome Management Agreement (CMA) at the SA PGM operations


(announced on 19 February 2025 (refer to the Glencore Merafe announcement)),


will become effective from 1 November 2025.


Key benefits of the transaction include:


?     Accelerated volumes to increase future cash flow: The enhancements to


the Marikana Contract are expected to accelerate the completion of delivery


of contracted chrome volumes by approximately 20 years, through increasing


feed and improving recoveries from the Marikana Chrome Recovery Plants


(CRPs). Accelerated delivery will, upon expiry of the Marikana Contract and


the Marikana CRPs becoming subject to the CMA, increase Sibanye-Stillwater's


share of free cash flow from chrome production from the Marikana CRPs


?     Immediate benefits: Other than the Marikana CRPs, Sibanye-Stillwater


CRPs will immediately be subject to and benefit from the value-enhancing


provisions of the CMA, once the transaction becomes effective


?     Operational synergies: Glencore will leverage its processing expertise


to optimise chrome production yields and is expected to reduce operational


costs across all relevant CRPs


?     Project benefits: The improved economics of Sibanye-Stillwater's chrome


production resulting from the transaction, is expected to enhance the


inherent value and commercial viability of brownfield extension projects at


the SA PGM operations, which are currently being assessed


Sibanye-Stillwater CEO, Richard Stewart commented, "The closure of the


Glencore Merafe agreements marks a pivotal step in unlocking long-term value


from our significant chrome by-products at our SA PGM operations. Aligning


operational expertise and commercial interests, we are laying the foundation


for sustainability at our SA PGM operations, benefitting all stakeholders and


enhancing returns for the Group."


About Sibanye-Stillwater


Sibanye-Stillwater is a multinational mining and metals processing group with


a diverse portfolio of operations, projects and investments across five


continents. The Group is also one of the foremost global recyclers of a suite


of metals and has interests in leading mine tailings retreatment operations.


Sibanye-Stillwater is one of the world's largest primary producers of


platinum, palladium, and rhodium and is a top tier gold producer. It also


produces and refines iridium and ruthenium, nickel, chrome, copper and


cobalt. The Group has also diversified into battery metals mining and


processing and has increased its presence in the circular economy by growing


its recycling and tailings reprocessing exposure globally. For more


information, see www.sibanyestillwater.com.


Investor relations contact:


Email:
[email protected]


James Wellsted


Executive Vice President: Investor Relations and Corporate Affairs


Tel: +27 (0) 83 453 4014


Website: www.sibanyestillwater.com


LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/sibanye-stillwater


Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SibanyeStillwater


YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@sibanyestillwater/videos


X: https://twitter.com/SIBSTILL


Sponsor: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited


DISCLAIMER


FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS


This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of


the "safe harbour" provisions of the United States Private Securities


Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of


historical fact included in this presentation may be forward-looking


statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words


such as "will", "would", "expect", "forecast", "potential", "may", "could"


"believe", "aim", "anticipate", "intend", "target", "estimate" and words of


similar meaning.


These forward-looking statements, including among others, those relating to


Sibanye Stillwater Limited's (Sibanye-Stillwater or the Group) future


financial position, business strategies and other strategic initiatives,


business prospects, industry forecasts, production and operational guidance,


climate and ESG-related targets and metrics, and plans and objectives for


future operations, project finance and the completion or successful


integration of acquisitions, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best


judgement of Sibanye-Stillwater's senior management. Readers are cautioned


not to place undue reliance on such statements. Forward-looking statements


involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,


many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of


Sibanye-Stillwater, that could cause its actual results and outcomes to be


materially different from historical results or from any future results


expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. As a consequence,


these forward-looking statements should be considered in light of various


important factors, including those set forth in Sibanye-Stillwater's 2024


Integrated Report and annual report on Form 20-F filed with the Securities


and Exchange Commission (SEC) on 25 April 2025 (SEC File no. 333-234096).


These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this


presentation. Sibanye-Stillwater expressly disclaims any obligation or


undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statement (except to the


extent legally required).


Websites


References in this announcement to information on websites (and/or social


media sites) are included as an aid to their location and such information is


not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this announcement.


Date: 21-10-2025 12:13:00
