URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251111_S513196.pdf]


Symbol [AVI]


Chairman's Comment on Trading Conditions


AVI LIMITED


Registration number 1944/017201/06


Share Code: AVI


ISIN: ZAE000049433


("AVI" or "the Company")


CHAIRMAN'S COMMENT ON TRADING CONDITIONS


At the annual general meeting of AVI held this morning, 11


November 2025, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mike


Watters, provided an update on trading conditions as follows:


"Group revenue for the four months ended 31 October 2025 was


4,3% higher than the same period in the prior year.


Entyce and Snackworks delivered revenue growth underpinned by


innovation, which together with benefits from cost saving


initiatives, have supported an improved operating profit.


The footwear and apparel brand portfolio continues to be


challenged by a constrained consumer trading environment. The


SPITZ retail brand showed an improvement in sales volumes and


lay-bys over the prior year. This together with better stock


levels will help support retail sale volumes over the December


trading period. Indigo continues to struggle with weakened


consumer demand in personal care with revenue declines in the


body spray and fragrance categories.


I&J fishing delivered a stronger performance with improved


catch rates, incremental benefits from the new freezer vessel,


lower fuel prices, a favourable product mix and sound demand


from international markets. I&J's abalone category was impacted


by poor demand and low selling prices in key Asian markets.


The Group's consolidated gross profit margin improved supported


by the meaningful improvement in I&J profitability. Gross


profit margins across the remaining businesses were largely at


levels achieved last year. Costs were tightly managed


benefitting from the savings from restructuring initiatives


implemented in the second semester last year. The Group's


operating profit increased by 15,8% over the prior period.


Notwithstanding the year-to-date performance, results for the


first half of the 2026 financial year are materially dependent


on sound consumer demand over the festive season, and the


strength of December sales for the fashion brand portfolio. The


fashion retail business is well positioned for the peak season


with year-to-date volumes having already benefitted from


improved footwear availability."


The information above has not been reviewed and reported on by


the Group's auditors.


Illovo


11 November 2025


Sponsor


The Standard Bank of South Africa Limited


Date: 11-11-2025 12:09:00
