URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251201_S514238.pdf]


Symbol [TGA]


Sale of Goedehoop North


THUNGELA RESOURCES LIMITED


(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)


(Registration number: 2021/303811/06)


JSE Share code: TGA


LSE Share code: TGA


ISIN: ZAE000296554


Tax number: 9111917259


('Thungela' or the 'Company' and, together with its affiliates, the 'Group')


SALE OF GOEDEHOOP NORTH


1.   Introduction and Rationale for the Transaction


Thungela is pleased to announce that, subject to regulatory approvals, we have entered into a sale of


assets agreement ("the Agreement") with GHN Resources Proprietary Limited ("GHN"), a private company


with limited liability incorporated in South Africa, and Bisichi PLC ("Bisichi"), which holds a controlling


shareholding in GHN, (collectively "the Purchasers"), in terms of which inter alia Thungela, through its wholly


owned subsidiary, Thungela Operations Proprietary Limited ("the Seller"), will sell Goedehoop North Mining


Area Assets and Liabilities (the "Transaction", as further defined below). Bisichi is acting as guarantor and


co-principal debtor for GHN's consideration payments, which are due on or after completion.


The Group's South African portfolio is currently in a period of transition, with the closure of select operations


as economical reserves are mined out. These operations, however, continue to have infrastructure that


have value-in-use and provide an opportunity for neighbouring operations with long-life resources to


continue to utilise the economic benefit of the infrastructure for a longer period. This transaction provides


an opportunity for the Group to optimise the South African portfolio and continue to strengthen the balance


sheet, as the sale will also include the transfer of the rehabilitation liability associated with the Goedehoop


North Mining Area.


2. The Transaction


2.1 The Seller has entered into the Agreement with the Purchasers to acquire the Goedehoop North Mining


Area Assets and Liabilities which includes the following:


- Rapid Load-out Coal Terminal


- Coal Beneficiation Plant


- Surface Rights


- Mine Residue Dump


- Mining Rights


- Rehabilitation liabilities


2.2 The purchase price consideration payable by the Purchasers to the Seller of the sale of the assets is


up to ZAR700 million, excluding value added tax ("VAT"), that includes a cash portion of ZAR50 million


("Cash Portion"), excluding VAT (the "Consideration"). The Cash Portion of the Consideration will be paid


as follows:


2.2.1   a non-refundable cash deposit of ZAR15 million, plus VAT, is to be paid to the Seller within 15


        business days of the date of the Agreement;


2.2.2   ZAR15 million, plus VAT, which is payable upon registration of the transfer of the last of the


        Immovable Property as set out in the Agreement in the Purchasers' names;


2.2.3   ZAR20 million, plus VAT, which is payable after the Seller receiving a copy of the granted Section


        11 Consent;


2.2.4   the balance of the Consideration ("Deferred Amount"), up to ZAR650 million, excluding VAT, is


        payable to the Seller in cash in quarterly instalments. The Deferred Amount is contingent on the


        access and utilisation of the Rapid Load-out Terminal, the Coal Beneficiation Plant and coal


        resources extracted from the Mining Rights should the licenses be successfully amended. If the Deferred


        Amount paid to the Seller is less than ZAR60 million, plus VAT, within three years of completion of


        the Transaction, the Purchasers are required to pay the shortfall.


2.3 As part of the acquisition of the Mining Rights, the Purchasers will assume all rehabilitation liabilities of


the Mining Area, including the replacement of rehabilitation financial guarantees to the Department of


Mineral and Petroleum Resources currently provided by the Seller for approximately ZAR41 million plus


any shortfall. As part of the Transaction, an Environmental Trust will be established and transferred to the


Purchasers for the specific rehabilitation and environmental obligations of the Mining Area.


2.4 The closing date for the Transaction will be the fifth business day after the date on which the last of the


suspensive conditions as defined in the Agreement, are fulfilled or waived, or such later date as may be


agreed in writing by the parties.


2.5 The proceeds from the Consideration will be deployed in line with the Group's capital allocation


framework.


3. Conditions precedent


3.1 Completion of the Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent:


- The Purchasers to provide the Seller confirmation of the replacement of the Rehabilitation Guarantee.


- Obtain consent of the Minister, in accordance with Section 11 of the Mineral and Petroleum Resources


  Development Act, to the cession of the Goedehoop North Mining Rights from the Seller to the


  Purchasers.


- Approval from the relevant South African Competition Authorities.


3.2 If the conditions precedent are not satisfied, waived or extended by the first anniversary of the execution


of the Agreement, the Agreement will terminate. The payment of the Purchase Price, other than the cash


deposit, is conditional on completion and, in the case of the Deferred Amount, is subject to the


commencement of rail operations, the processing of third-party material, and mining activities.


3.3 The Agreement contains the customary warranties in favour of the Purchasers and is governed by South


African law.


4. Information on Goedehoop North


The Goedehoop Colliery is an underground thermal coal mine that uses a fully mechanised bord and pillar


mining method. The coal mined is beneficiated through a coal handling processing plant and the product


supplied to the export thermal coal market. A railway line traverses the property, connecting the dedicated


rail load-out terminal with the Richards Bay Coal Terminal. Based on the current life-of-mine plan, mining


operations at Goedehoop are expected to cease in 2025.


5.   Financial information


5.1 Net value of assets disposed as at 30 June 2025


The net value of the assets of Goedehoop North was approximately ZAR89 million as at 30 June 2025,


being the date of the latest published interim financial statements of the Group, which was prepared in


accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS").


5.2 Net loss before tax as at 30 June 2025


The net loss before tax attributable to the net assets of Goedehoop North for the 6 month period ending 30 June 2025


was approximately ZAR111 million, based on the latest published interim financial statements of the Group,


which was prepared in accordance with IFRS.


6.   Categorisation of the Transaction


The Transaction is categorised as a Category 2 transaction in terms of section 9 of the JSE Listings


Requirements.


Johannesburg


1 December 2025


Disclaimer


The information contained within this announcement is deemed by the Company to constitute inside


information as stipulated under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 as amended by the Market


Abuse (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Upon the publication of this announcement via the


regulatory information service, this inside information is now considered to be in the public domain.


Investor Relations


Hugo Nunes or Shreshini Singh


Email:
[email protected]


Media


Hulisani Rasivhaga


Email:
[email protected]


UK Financial adviser and corporate broker


Panmure Liberum Limited


JSE Sponsor


Rand Merchant Bank (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)


Date: 01-12-2025 04:40:00
