[email protected]
                          Tel: +44 (0)20 7968 8480


 Tel: +27 (0)11 638 3189


 Ernest Mulibana


[email protected]


 Tel: +27 (0)82 263 7372


Notes:


Anglo American is a leading global mining company focused on the responsible production of copper,


premium iron ore and crop nutrients ? future-enabling products that are essential for decarbonising the


global economy, improving living standards, and food security. Our portfolio of world-class operations


and outstanding resource endowments offers value-accretive growth potential across all three


businesses, positioning us to deliver into structurally attractive major demand growth trends.


Our integrated approach to sustainability and innovation drives our decision-making across the value


chain, from how we discover new resources to how we mine, process, move and market our products to


our customers ? safely, efficiently and responsibly. Our Sustainable Mining Plan commits us to a series of


stretching goals over different time horizons to ensure we contribute to a healthy environment, create


thriving communities and build trust as a corporate leader. We work together with our business partners


and diverse stakeholders to unlock enduring value from precious natural resources for our shareholders,


for the benefit of the communities and countries in which we operate, and for society as a whole. Anglo


American is re-imagining mining to improve people's lives.


Anglo American is currently implementing a number of major structural changes to unlock the inherent


value in its portfolio and thereby accelerate delivery of its strategic priorities of Operational excellence,


Portfolio simplification, and Growth. The sale of our steelmaking coal and nickel businesses and the


separation of our iconic diamond business (De Beers) continue to progress and, once completed, will


focus Anglo American on its world-class resource asset base in copper, premium iron ore and crop


nutrients.


www.angloamerican.com


Group terminology


In this announcement, references to "Anglo American", the "Anglo American Group", the "Group", "we", "us", and


"our" are to refer to either Anglo American plc and its subsidiaries and/or those who work for them generally, or


where it is not necessary to refer to a particular entity, entities or persons. The use of those generic terms herein is


for convenience only, and is in no way indicative of how the Anglo American Group or any entity within it is


structured, managed or controlled. Anglo American subsidiaries, and their management, are responsible for their


own day-to-day operations, including but not limited to securing and maintaining all relevant licences and permits,


operational adaptation and implementation of Group policies, management, training and any applicable local


grievance mechanisms. Anglo American produces group-wide policies and procedures to ensure best uniform


practices and standardisation across the Anglo American Group but is not responsible for the day to day


implementation of such policies. Such policies and procedures constitute prescribed minimum standards only. Group


operating subsidiaries are responsible for adapting those policies and procedures to reflect local conditions where


appropriate, and for implementation, oversight and monitoring within their specific businesses.


Disclaimer


This announcement is for information purposes only and does not constitute, nor is to be construed as, an offer to


sell or the recommendation, solicitation, inducement or offer to buy, subscribe for or sell shares in Anglo American


or any other securities by Anglo American or any other party. Further, it should not be treated as giving investment,


legal, accounting, regulatory, taxation or other advice and has no regard to the specific investment or other


objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any recipi and the actions of competitors, activities by


courts, regulators and governmental authorities such as in relation to permitting or forcing closure of mines and


ceasing of operations or maintenance of Anglo American's and Teck's assets and changes in taxation or safety, health,


environmental or other types of regulation in the countries where Anglo American and Teck operate, conflicts over


land and resource ownership rights and such other risk factors identified in Anglo American's most recent Annual


Report and Teck's most recent Annual Information Form and subsequent filings on SEDAR+ and EDGAR. Forward-


looking statements should, therefore, be construed in light of such risk factors and undue reliance should not be


placed on forward-looking statements. For details of the bases of belief and assumptions of the Board for the


expected synergies, please see paragraph 3 of Part V (Additional Information) of the Circular. These forward-looking


statements speak only as of the date of this announcement and the Circular. Anglo American expressly disclaims any


obligation or undertaking (except as required by applicable law, the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers, the UK


Listing Rules, the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, the Listings


Requirements of the securities exchange of the JSE Limited in South Africa, the SIX Swiss Exchange, the Botswana


Stock Exchange and the Namibian Stock Exchange and any other applicable regulations) to release publicly any


updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in Anglo American's


and Teck's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such


statement is based.


Nothing in this announcement or the Circular should be interpreted to mean that future earnings per share of Anglo


American and Teck will necessarily match or exceed their historical published earnings per share. Certain statistical


and other information included in this announcement and the Circular is sourced from third party sources (including,


but not limited to, externally conducted studies and trials). As such it has not been independently verified and


presents the views of those third parties, but may not necessarily correspond to the views held by Anglo American


and Teck, and Anglo American and Teck expressly disclaim any responsibility for, or liability in respect of, such


information.


Alternative Performance Measures


Throughout this announcement and the Circular, a range of financial and non-financial measures are used, including


a number of financial measures that are not defined or specified under IFRS (International Financial Reporting


Standards), which are termed 'Alternative Performance Measures' (APMs) or non-GAAP measures. Management


uses these measures to monitor the Group's financial performance alongside IFRS measures to improve the


comparability of information between reporting periods and the businesses. These APMs should be considered in


addition to, and not as a substitute for, or as superior to, measures of financial performance, financial position or


cash flows reported in accordance with IFRS. APMs are not uniformly defined by all companies, including those in


the Group's industry. Accordingly, it may not be comparable with similarly titled measures and disclosures by other


companies.


The Company has a primary listing on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange and secondary listings on


the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, the Botswana Stock Exchange, the Namibia Stock Exchange and the SIX Swiss


Exchange.


Sponsor


RAND MERCHANT BANK (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)


©Anglo American Services (UK) Ltd 2025.


Legal Entity Identifier: 549300S9XF92D1X8ME43


Date: 10-11-2025 01:00:00
