URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251208_S514515.pdf]


Symbol [ITE]


Voluntary Sales Update


ITALTILE LIMITED


Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa


(Registration number: 1955/000558/06)


Share code: ITE ISIN: ZAE000099123


("Italtile" or "the Group")


VOLUNTARY SALES UPDATE


This sales update pertains to the period from 1 July 2025 to 30 November 2025 ("Review period")


compared to the prior period from 1 July 2024 to 30 November 2024 ("Prior period").


TRADING CONDITIONS


The global and South African macro-economic challenges have persisted into the new financial year.


The market has continued to experience pressure from low priced imports causing a decline in


revenue at Ceramic Industries Propriety Limited ("Ceramic Industries").


In Retail, we have been encouraged by some green shoots in the project market. While retail tile


volumes have increased as we have gained market share, average selling prices have continued to


decrease compared to the Prior period. Competition remains rife and poor consumer confidence has


resulted in continued margin pressure on tile products.


The Group welcomes the reduction in interest rates, but disappointingly low GDP growth has


diminished any favourable impact and there is little sign of improvement in the building industry


activity.


SALES PERFORMANCE


System-wide retail turnover reported by our brands, CTM, Italtile Retail and TopT, rose by


1,2% compared to the Prior period.


In the integrated supply chain businesses, Retail has been destocking and sales from these businesses


were lower due to less seaborne imports.


Combined manufacturing sales reported by Ceramic Industries and Ezee Tile Adhesive Manufacturers


Proprietary Limited to both Group and third-party customers declined by 6,2% compared to the Prior


period.


Capacity utilisation reduced slightly year-on-year at Ceramic Industries. While internal efficiencies


have improved, margins remain under pressure as a result of predatory pricing.


OUTLOOK


The challenging global and South African macro-economic environment is expected to continue for


the rest of this financial year amid global uncertainty and geopolitical conflict. Intense competition


will persist as a result of the imbalance between excess supply and weak demand, resulting in


continued challenges in the trading environment.


The Group's sound assets, competent, engaged and motivated teams, robust iconic brands, industry-


leading technology and products, and the competitive advantage of a vertically integrated supply


chain position us well in the current environment and for any upturn in the future. It is our intention


to remain a low-cost manufacturer and highly efficient in our supply and retail businesses.


The Group will continue to focus on retail excellence at every customer touchpoint, improving


efficiencies and logistics, enhancing customer experience, and growing core competencies in sales and


operating excellence.


The above information has not been reviewed and reported on by the Group's external auditors.


Johannesburg


8 December 2025


Sponsor


Merchantec Capital


Date: 08-12-2025 07:30:00
