URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251111_S513166.pdf]


Symbol [SNT09]


Symbol [SNT08]


Symbol [SNT07]


Symbol [SNT06]


Symbol [SNT05]


Symbol [SNT]


Operational Update for the nine months ended 30 September 2025


SANTAM LIMITED


(Incorporated in the Republic of South Africa)


Registration number: 1918/001680/06


LEI: 37890092DC55C7D94B35


JSE Share Code: SNT & ISIN: ZAE000093779


A2X Share Code: SNT


NSX Share Code: SNM


Bond Company Code: BISAN


("Santam" or "the Company")


OPERATIONAL UPDATE FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED 30 SEPTEMBER 2025


This is a general communication to Santam shareholders and noteholders (collectively the


"Security holders") covering the operational performance of the Group for the nine months


ended 30 September 2025 (the "period"). Unless the context indicates otherwise, references


to the comparable period are to the nine months ended 30 September 2024.


The Group continued to deliver a strong performance since the end of June 2025, with the


results for the period exceeding the longer-term targets for all key financial performance


indicators. Highlights include double-digit growth in gross written and net earned premiums,


an underwriting margin above the upper end of the 5% to 10% target range and annualised


return on capital in excess of 30%. Net income growth was in line with the performance for the


first half of the year.


Conventional insurance business


The conventional insurance business achieved net earned premium growth of 16%, with solid


contributions from all major businesses except for Santam Specialist Solutions. MiWay's


growth continued to accelerate, with the business achieving solid double-digit growth in gross


written and net earned premiums. Business insurance continued to perform exceptionally well,


with personal lines growth accelerating since the end of June 2025. Santam Re also achieved


excellent growth, supported by significant business from strategic partnerships. Broker, Client


and Partner Solutions recorded good growth, in line with the performance for the first half of


the 2025 financial year. Within Specialist Solutions, competitive conditions negatively


impacted growth.


Gross written premium increased by 10%, with solid growth across all major insurance


classes, excluding the impact of the shift between insurance classes from the portfolio


restructuring in Santam Re.


The improvement in the underlying rating strength and profitability of the in-force book,


combined with a favourable claims environment, benefited the underwriting performance for


the period. The net underwriting margin remained above the 5% to 10% target range, in line


with the margin reported for the first half of the year.


Favourable interest-rate market returns and outperformance of benchmarks supported


investment returns earned on insurance funds, which amounted to 3% of net earned


premiums, exceeding the comparable period.


Alternative Risk Transfer ("ART") business


The ART business segment reported excellent operating results, with substantial growth in fee


income, underwriting results and investment margins.


Shareholder investment returns


The investment return earned on the Group's capital portfolios was below expectations and


that of the comparable period. This was primarily due to foreign currency translation losses on


the foreign exposure in the portfolio, including the investment in Shriram General Insurance,


resulting from the strengthening of the Rand since 31 December 2024.


Capital and subordinated debt


On 6 October 2025, Santam issued additional 5-year unsecured subordinated floating rate


notes to the value of R1.53 billion, as well as 7-year unsecured subordinated floating rate


notes to the value of R470 million. The effective interest rate for the 5-year floating rate notes


is three-month JIBAR plus a spread of 120 basis points, and for the 7-year notes, three-month


JIBAR plus a spread of 129 basis points.


The Group's economic capital cover ratio remained well within the 145% to 165% target range


following the interim dividend payment in September 2025.


Prospects


In July 2025, we received in-principle approval by the Lloyd's Council to launch a Santam


syndicate (the "Santam Syndicate"), subject to meeting the pre-determined start-up


operational requirements of Lloyd's. Final approval and "permission to underwrite" by Lloyd's


are expected towards the end of 2025. The establishment of the Santam Syndicate is aimed


at significantly enhancing Santam's international growth and diversification ambition. Lloyd's


provides an efficient and scalable platform to access specialist insurance classes - an area


where Santam has a leading position and skill set in South Africa. Good progress is being


made in the operationalisation of the Santam Syndicate in preparation for final approval.


The Group experienced limited significant claims in the period. The conventional insurance


underwriting performance for the remainder of the year, however, remains susceptible to


adverse weather-related and other significant loss experience. Additionally, investment market


volatility could potentially impact the investment returns earned on insurance funds and the


shareholder capital portfolio. These factors may impact earnings growth for the full year.


The sound foundation laid by our FutureFit 2030 strategy, the strength of our client and


intermediary relationships and a superior distribution footprint position us well to maintain a


solid financial performance as we focus on enhancing Santam's international growth and


diversification. Profitable growth remains a key focus area for all businesses.


The financial information included in this announcement has not been reviewed or reported


on by Santam's external auditors.


Shareholders and noteholders are further advised that Santam's results for the year ending


31 December 2025 are expected to be released on SENS on or about 5 March 2026.


11 November 2025


Equity and Debt Sponsor: Investec Bank Limited


NSX Sponsor: Simonis Storm Securities (Pty) Ltd (a member of the Namibian Securities


Exchange)


Date: 11-11-2025 02:00:00
