URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251120_S513662.pdf]


Symbol [ORN]


Update on Financing of US$200 million to US$250 million and Offtake with Glencore


Orion Minerals Limited


Incorporated in the Commonwealth of Australia


Australian Company Number 098 939 274


ASX share code: ORN


JSE share code: ORN


ISIN: AU000000ORN1


Update on Financing of US$200 million to US$250 million and Offtake with Glencore


Orion Minerals Limited (ASX/JSE: ORN) (Orion or the Company) is pleased to provide an update to its ASX/JSE


announcement on 17 September 2025, in which its subsidiary, Prieska Copper Zinc Mine (Pty) Ltd (PCZM), signed a


non-binding term sheet with a wholly owned subsidiary of Glencore plc (Glencore) for financing of US$200 million to


US$250 million and concentrate offtake (Offtake) for the Prieska project. The terms of the financing are detailed in


the announcement.


Glencore has advised that its technical and financial due diligence is in its final stages and legal due diligence is


largely completed. Glencore and Orion are also finalising binding terms and documentation for the concentrate


offtake and financing.


Execution of binding documentation, including the Intercreditor Agreement and other associated documentation


are expected by the middle of December 2025.


For and on behalf of the Board.


Anthony Lennox


Managing Director & CEO


20 November 2025


ENQUIRIES


Investors                                  Media                                       JSE Sponsor


Anthony Lennox ? Managing Director &       Nicholas Read                               Monique Martinez


CEO


Denis Waddell ? Chairman                   Read Corporate, Australia                   Merchantec Capital


T: +61 (0) 3 8080 7170                     T: +61 (0) 419 929 046                      T: +27 (0) 11 325 6363


E:
[email protected]
               E:
[email protected]
            E:
[email protected]


Disclaimer


This release may include forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements may include, among other things,


statements regarding targets, estimates and assumptions in respect of metal production and prices, operating costs and


results, capital expenditures, mineral reserves and mineral resources and anticipated grades and recovery rates, and are or


may be based on assumptions and estimates related to future technical, economic, market, political, social and other


conditions. These forward-looking statements are based on management's expectations and beliefs concerning future


events. Forward-looking statements inherently involve subjective judgement and analysis and are necessarily subject to risks,


uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the control of Orion. Actual results and developments may vary


materially from those expressed in this release. Given these uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance


on such forward-looking statements. Orion makes no undertaking to subsequently update or revise the forward-looking


statements made in this release to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. All information in respect of


Exploration Results and other technical information should be read in conjunction with Competent Person Statements in this


release (where applicable). To the maximum extent permitted by law, Orion and any of its related bodies corporate and


affiliates and their officers, employees, agents, associates and advisers:


?   disclaim any obligations or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to the information to reflect any change in


    expectations or assumptions;


?   do not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the


    information in this release, or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement or any event or results expressed


    or implied in any forward-looking statement; and


?   disclaim all responsibility and liability for these forward-looking statements (including, without limitation, liability for


    negligence).


Date: 20-11-2025 08:51:00
