URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251128_S514180.pdf]


Symbol [EPE]


Dealing in securities by a director




EPE CAPITAL PARTNERS LTD


(Incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius)


(Registration number: C138883 C1/GBL)


ISIN: MU0522S00005


Share Code: EPE


("Ethos Capital" or "the Company")




DEALING IN SECURITIES BY A DIRECTOR




In compliance with paragraphs 3.63 to 3.74 of the JSE Limited Listings Requirements, the following


information is disclosed in respect of dealings by a Director of Ethos Capital:




 Director                                     : Peter Hayward-Butt




 Company                                      : EPE Capital Partners Ltd




 Nature and extent of interest                : Direct beneficial




 Nature and type of transaction               : Off market free of payment


                                                receipt of a distribution in specie


                                                of A Ordinary Shares via a Trust of


                                                which the Director is an ultimate


                                                beneficiary




 Class of securities                          : A Ordinary Shares




 Clearance obtained                           : Yes




                                                A waiver in terms of paragraph


                                                3.70 of the JSE Listings


                                                requirements was granted by the


                                                JSE




 Date of transaction                          : 26 November 2025




 Number of securities                         : 690,366




 Deemed price (1)                             : R7.75




 Transaction value                            : R5,350,336.50






 (1)   Closing price on transaction date




Prior to its listing on the JSE, the Company concluded a subscription agreement with the Ethos


Private Equity Allocation Trust (the "Trust") whereby the Trust subscribed for 7.5 million of the


Company's A Ordinary Shares (the "Shares") that were notionally encumbered. At 30 June 2025,


the Shares were released from the notional encumbrance and the Trust now has free and


unencumbered title to the Shares and may freely deal in these shares in the manner contemplated


in the Trust's Deed and its Rules.




The trustees of the Trust considered its obligations under the Trust Deed and determined that it


would be in the best interests of the beneficiaries to return value through a distribution in specie of


the Shares. The Trust's beneficiaries include en commandite partnerships of which Peter Hayward-


Butt is a limited partner. The general partners of the en commandite partnerships determined that it


would be in the best interests of the limited partners to distribute the Shares to the limited


partners, including Peter Hayward-Butt.




Peter Hayward-Butt is not a trustee, nor is he a director of any of the aforementioned general


partners and has not exercised a discretion, or taken a decision, in relation to receiving the Shares.






Ebene, Mauritius (with simultaneous circulation in Johannesburg)


28 November 2025




Sponsor


RAND MERCHANT BANK (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)




Date: 28-11-2025 05:10:00


Produced by the JSE SENS Department. The SENS service is an information dissemination service administered by the JSE Limited ('JSE').


The JSE does not, whether expressly, tacitly or implicitly, represent, warrant or in any way guarantee the truth, accuracy or completeness of


 the information published on SENS. The JSE, their officers, employees and agents accept no liability for (or in respect of) any direct,


indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind or nature, howsoever arising, from the use of SENS or the use of, or reliance on,


 information disseminated through SENS.
