URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20251103_S512769.pdf]


Symbol [EPE]


Optasia listing, exchangeable bonds unbundling, offer for residual assets, cautionary announcement and change of CEO




EPE CAPITAL PARTNERS LTD


(Incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius)


(Registration number: C138883 C1/GBL)


ISIN: MU0522S00005


Share code: EPE


("Ethos Capital" or the "Company")




OPTASIA LISTING, EXCHANGEABLE BONDS UNBUNDLING, OFFER FOR RESIDUAL ASSETS,


CAUTIONARY ANNOUNCEMENT AND CHANGE OF CEO




Since November 2023, Ethos Capital's focus has been to optimally monetise its asset base in


order to return capital to its shareholders. As such, the Board of Directors of Ethos Capital (the


"Board") has been assessing options to maximise and expedite the return of capital. This has


resulted in the unbundling of Ethos Capital's stake in the Brait Ordinary Shares and the sale of


certain underlying assets in the Company's portfolio. Since listing, proceeds of R1.3 billion


have been received from the disposal of 15 assets and these proceeds have been utilised to


repay the Company's debt and to undertake share repurchases.




The Board has received an unsolicited offer which together with the Optasia listing and the


unbundling of the Brait Exchangeable Bonds potentially allows for a potential holistic solution to


return capital to shareholders and the eventual wind down of Ethos Capital over the short to


medium term.




OPTASIA LISTING




Shareholders are referred to the announcement published by Optasia on the Stock Exchange


News Service ("SENS") on 30 October 2025, in which Optasia announced that it had


successfully placed c.342.4 million shares at a price of R19.00 per share (the "Listing Price").


As a result, Optasia will be listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange ("JSE") on Tuesday, 4


November 2025.




As part of the listing, Ethos Optasia Consortium SPV (the special purpose vehicle which holds


Ethos Capital's indirect interest in Optasia) will sell 26.4% of its shares at the Listing Price. As a


result of the primary issuance by Optasia and the sale by Optasia shareholders, Ethos Capital's


indirect interest in Optasia will reduce from 6.5% to 4.5% and R370 million of gross proceeds


will be realised by the Company.




The Listing Price reflects a premium to the current Net Asset Value ("NAV") of Optasia in Ethos


Capital's results for the year ended 30 June 2025. Based on the Listing Price, Ethos Capital's


NAV per Share ("NAVPS") would increase from R8.57 as at 30 June 2025 to an implied R9.39 per


share.




                                                                 Adjusted NAV


 R'million                               Audited               post Optasia's


 (unless otherwise stated)          30 June 2025                      listing


 Optasia                                   1,214                        1,053


 Brait Exchangeable Bonds                    176                          176


 Residual assets                             981                          981


 Total asset value                         2,371                        2,210


 Net debt                                  (177)                          193


 Net asset value                           2,194                        2,403




 NAVPS - Rand                               8.57                         9.39






BRAIT EXCHANGEABLE BONDS ("Exchangeable Bonds")




As announced in the Ethos Capital financial results for the year ended 30 June 2025 (published


on SENS on 25 September 2025), and based on the recommendation of the Investment Advisor,


the Board has decided to unbundle all of the Exchangeable Bonds held by the Company to


Ethos Capital shareholders. For every 100 shares held in Ethos Capital at the relevant time,


shareholders will receive c. 0.08680 Exchangeable Bonds, based on the current number of


shares in issue. This equates to a current implied value of c.R0.74 per Ethos Capital share.




The Board expects to implement the unbundling of the Exchangeable Bonds as soon possible


this year, following receipt of the requisite confirmation or approval of the Financial Surveillance


Department of the South African Reserve Bank ("FinSurv Approval"). A further SENS


announcement will be issued by Ethos Capital setting out the implementation timetable for the


unbundling of the Exchangeable Bonds once FinSurv Approval is obtained.




The current market value of the Exchangeable Bonds is R850 per Exchangeable Bond


representing a 7.6% premium to the Ethos Capital valuation as at 30 June 2025 and, in


aggregate, the current value of the Exchangeable Bonds is R189 million.




OFFER FOR RESIDUAL ASSETS




The Board has received an unsolicited Non-Binding Offer ("NBO") from a large South African


financial institution (the "Party") to acquire the residual assets ("Residual Assets") that Ethos


Capital owns (effectively all of the assets other than Ethos Capital's interest in and exposure to


Optasia and the Exchangeable Bonds) (the "Transaction") which, following thorough evaluation,


it is presently considering favourably .




The NBO is subject to a number of conditions which are customary for transactions of this


nature including:




    ?   agreement on the proposed Transaction structure to the satisfaction of the Party;


    ?   the requisite internal approvals of the Party being obtained;


    ?   the full reinvestment of proceeds of the Transaction by key members of the Investment


        Advisor and agreement on appropriate incentive and co-investment mechanisms;


    ?   the execution of relevant legal documentation, in a form and substance satisfactory to


        the Party, and all conditions precedents thereto being unconditional to the satisfaction


        of the Party; and


    ?   all requisite regulatory and other approvals and consents required for the


        implementation of the Transaction being obtained.




The NBO values the Residual Assets at R626 million which reflects a discount of 29% to the NAV


of these assets of R881 million. The Board believes that the implied discount is less than the


average discount to NAV achieved in secondary sales processes for private equity assets in


emerging markets. The implied discount to NAV is also less than the 3- and 5-year average


discount at which Ethos Capital shares have traded on the JSE to NAV of 34% and 36%


respectively.




Based on guidance received from Ethos Capital shareholders, the Board has been assessing a


number of options to optimise the return of capital to shareholders and ultimately to wind up


the Company. Having concluded the unbundling of the Brait Ordinary Shares, the Optasia sell


down and the sale of eight investments over the past 3 years, the proposed unbundling of the


Exchangeable Bonds and as the Company's asset portfolio continues to reduce through


ongoing disposals, the size and relevance of Ethos Capital as an investment holding company


will be impacted. This will affect liquidity and investor interest in the Company and will likely


result in the Company trading at an increasing discount to NAV.




The sale of the Residual Assets would result in a reduction in the operating costs of the


Company which are currently R10 million per annum, as well as a saving in management and


performance fees payable to the Investment Advisor. Taking into account the total cost saving


compared to a run-down scenario, which is estimated to be R87 million, this would imply an


effective discount to NAV of 19% for the Residual Assets.




The Board believes that a sale of the Residual Assets would represent a better solution for Ethos


Capital shareholders when compared to a protracted run down of the residual portfolio.




As an Investment Holding Company, there is no regulatory requirement for Ethos Capital


shareholder approval for the Transaction. The Board is minded to pursue the Transaction but


has decided to first solicit the input of the Company's largest shareholders prior to taking a final


decision. Therefore, there can be no certainty that the Transaction will proceed on the terms


contemplated in this announcement, or at all.




A sale of the Residual Assets would leave the Optasia stake as the only remaining asset in Ethos


Capital. The stake will be optimally monetised over time after the six-month lock up period post


the Optasia listing.




Impact on Ethos Capital shareholders




The impact on Ethos Capital shareholders of the post 30 June 2025 transactions, including the


Optasia Initial Public Offering ("IPO"), and the potential Transaction is set out below:






                                             Impact of                 Optasia


                                Audited   post 30 June      Adjusted       IPO                  Value per


 R'million                      30 June          2025           NAV       sell-     Impact of      share


 (unless otherwise stated)        2025    transactions   31 Oct 2025     down     Transaction     (Rand)




 Optasia                         1,214            209         1,423      (370)         1,053        4.11


 Exchangeable Bonds                176             13           189                      189        0.74


 Residual assets                   981          (100)           881                        -           -


 Offer value                                                                             626        2.45


 Total asset value               2,371                        2,493                    1,868


 Net debt                        (177)            100           (77)      370            293        1.14


 Net asset value                 2,194                        2,416                    2,161        8.44


 Ordinary shares ? number        256.0                        256.0                    256.0


 NAVPS - Rand                     8.57                         9.44                     8.44


Notes:




    1.   Optasia adjustments represent the increase in value based on the Listing Price at the current ZAR : US$ exchange rate of


         R17.35 and the disposal of shares in the Optasia IPO


    2.   The Exchangeable Bond adjustment reflects the mark to market of the Exchangeable Bonds to the current market price


    3.   Residual Asset adjustments reflect the proceeds from the MTN Zakhele Futhi and iKhokha realisations




Including the proceeds of the Transaction, this implies an expected total potential value to


Ethos Capital shareholders of R8.44 per Ethos Capital share. This reflects a 10.6% discount to


the Adjusted NAV as detailed in the above table and a c.14% premium to the Ethos Capital


share price on the day prior to this announcement.




Ethos Capital shareholders would retain their current stake in the Company which holds the


indirect interest in Optasia. Based on the Listing Price of R19.00 per Optasia share, the implied


unrealised value of the indirect stake would be R4.11 per Ethos Capital share.




In addition, Ethos Capital shareholders would receive the following:




     ?   Unbundled Exchangeable Bonds valued at c. R0.74 per Ethos Capital share;


     ?   Cash proceeds of R2.45 per Ethos Capital share from the disposal of the Residual


         Assets; and


     ?   An implied distribution of R1.14 per Ethos Capital from the proceeds of the Optasia


         share sale (post settlement of the adjusted Ethos Capital net debt of R77 million).




Proceeds from the Transaction would be dependent on the completion of the Transaction, with


shareholders to be updated following the engagement outlined above.




CAUTIONARY ANNOUNCEMENT




Given the NBO and the ongoing considerations, Ethos Capital shareholders are advised to


exercise caution when dealing in the Company's securities until a further announcement is


made.




CHANGE OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER




Ethos Capital's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO), Anthonie de Beer, has tendered his resignation


to the Board and is pursuing another opportunity with a reputable South African company. The


Board would like to thank Anthonie for his many years of service to Ethos Capital and his role in


driving the unlock of shareholder value.




Jonathan Matthews has been appointed by the Board as CEO and will assume the role


immediately ensuring a seamless transition. Jonathan has been a Partner at the Investment


Advisor, Ethos Private Equity, for 11 years, prior to which he was at Actis for eight years.


Jonathan has extensive private equity and investing experience and the Board welcomes him to


his new role.






Ebene, Mauritius (with simultaneous circulation in Johannesburg)


3 November 2025




Sponsor


RAND MERCHANT BANK, (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)




Disclaimer




The financial information on which this announcement is based is the responsibility of the Board and has been prepared for


illustrative purposes only. Such information has not been audited, reviewed, or reported on by the Company's external


auditors.




Date: 03-11-2025 07:30:00


Produced by the JSE SENS Department. The SENS service is an information dissemination service administered by the JSE Limited ('JSE').


The JSE does not, whether expressly, tacitly or implicitly, represent, warrant or in any way guarantee the truth, accuracy or completeness of


 the information published on SENS. The JSE, their officers, employees and agents accept no liability for (or in respect of) any direct,


indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind or nature, howsoever arising, from the use of SENS or the use of, or reliance on,


 information disseminated through SENS.
