URL Link [\Common\DDAP.SPRD.SENS.STORIES\SENS_20260129_S516375.pdf]


Symbol [EPE]


Update on Offer for Residual Assets and Reinvestment Option




EPE CAPITAL PARTNERS LTD


(Incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius)


(Registration number: C138883 C1/GBL)


ISIN: MU0522S00005


Share code: EPE


("Ethos Capital" or the "Company")




UPDATE ON OFFER FOR RESIDUAL ASSETS AND REINVESTMENT OPTION




1. INTRODUCTION




   Shareholders of Ethos Capital ("Shareholders") are referred to the announcement released


   by the Company on the Stock Exchange News Service ("SENS") on 12 December 2025 (the


   "Transaction Update Announcement"), where they were advised, among other things, of the


   Transaction pursuant to which the Residual Assets would be acquired and transferred into an


   investment vehicle to be established ("Bidco") in which Rand Merchant Bank (a division of


   FirstRand Bank Limited) (the "Party") and other certain investors will be the investing group


   (the "Investor Group").




   As outlined in the Transaction Update Announcement, the Board intends to return capital


   from the Transaction to Shareholders most likely through a pro rata share repurchase from all


   Shareholders (the "Repurchase"); and qualifying Shareholders ("Qualifying Shareholders")


   will be afforded the opportunity to reinvest into Bidco (the "Reinvestment Option").




   The Company has received further information on the Reinvestment Option, and the purpose


   of this announcement is to provide Shareholders with that further information.




   Unless otherwise defined in this announcement, capitalised terms used herein have the


   meanings given to them in the Transaction Update Announcement.




2. THE REINVESTMENT OPTION




   Background




   Subject to the Transaction becoming unconditional and effective after the fulfilment or


   waiver, as applicable, of the conditions precedent outlined in the Transaction Update


   Announcement, the Company intends to return capital to Shareholders most likely through


   the implementation of the Repurchase.




   Pursuant to the Revised Offer, Qualifying Shareholders will be afforded the Reinvestment


   Option in terms of which they can invest in Bidco (including through applying their proceeds


   from the Repurchase) to retain exposure to the Residual Assets acquired from the Company


   under the Transaction.




   Bidco Structure




   Bidco will be a ZAR-denominated en commandite partnership established in South Africa


   (the "Partnership") that is governed by a partnership agreement (the "Partnership


   Agreement"). The Partnership will be close-ended in accordance with the provisions of the


   Partnership Agreement.




   Qualifying Shareholders that participate in the Reinvestment Option will acquire


   commanditarian (limited) partnership interests in the Partnership and become


   commanditarian (limited) partners in the Partnership, who will take no part in the


   management of the Partnership.




   Each participating Qualifying Shareholder's limited partnership interest in the Partnership will


   be determined by the portion of capital that it invests in the Partnership relative to the


   aggregate capital commitments made to the Partnership by all partners, which are currently


   expected to be an amount consistent with the total purchase consideration for the


   Transaction.




   Qualifying Shareholders participating in the Reinvestment Option will become limited


   partners alongside an en commandite partnership established in South Africa (as the


   "Capital Partner") and the Investor Group, and a South African private company that will act


   as the general partner of the Partnership in terms of the Partnership Agreement (the "General


   Partner").




   The General Partner will engage Ethos Management Company Proprietary Limited (formerly


   Rohatyn Management Company) (the "Manager"), a private company incorporated in South


   Africa with registration number 2022/734499/07 and licensed as a Category I and Category II


   financial services provider under the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act 37 of


   2002, with FSP Number 53367, to act as the discretionary investment manager of the


   Partnership.




   Limited partners, such as Qualifying Shareholders participating in the Reinvestment Option,


   will not participate in the management of the Partnership or its investments or exercise voting


   rights in respect of the Partnership's underlying investee entities.




   Shareholders are referred to paragraph 3 below for a summary of the key terms of the


   Partnership.




   Qualifying Shareholders




   Interests in the Partnership may not be offered to the public, and the Partnership will not be


   registered as a collective investment scheme under the Collective Schemes Control Act 45


   of 2002, as amended.




   Consequently, the Reinvestment Option is made available to Qualifying Shareholders that


   include: (i) a financial institution and other persons who are referred to in section 96(1) (a) of


   the South African Companies Act 71 of 2008; or (ii) selected persons in South Africa in respect


   of whom the total contemplated investment cost for the Reinvestment Option is not less than


   R1 million per single addressee acting as principal; or (iii) any other person whose investment


   in the Partnership shall, in the opinion of the General Partner in its discretion, not change or


   prejudice or have an adverse effect on the regulatory classification, status, or customary


   commercial operation of the Partnership.




   Salient dates and times




   Shareholders are advised that the Reinvestment Option will be implemented following the


   conclusion of the Repurchase, the salient dates and times in respect of which will be


   published by the Company in due course. The Transaction is expected to become


   unconditional during Q1 2026.




   Qualifying Shareholders who wish to participate in the Reinvestment Option shall have 10


   business days from the date of this announcement to confirm their intention to participate in


   the Reinvestment Option using the following contact details:



[email protected]




   Qualifying Shareholders who confirm their intention to participate in the Reinvestment


   Option by no later than 12 February 2026 shall participate in the Reinvestment Option


   following completion of the Repurchase.




   Independent Advice




   Participation in the Reinvestment Option will involve an investment in the Partnership, which


   is a partnership structure that is an unlisted entity. The Partnership is not subject to the


   regulatory, governance, voting rights, disclosure, or investor protection requirements that


   apply to listed companies or corporate structures. Shareholders are hereby advised that, as


   a result, the rights, protections, transparency, and reporting obligations typically associated


   with investments in listed or corporate entities will not apply to the Partnership.




   Shareholders who are considering participation in the Reinvestment Option must inform


   themselves fully of the risks involved and seek independent financial, legal, tax, and other


   professional advice as they consider appropriate before making any decision to participate.




   Shareholders are referred to paragraph 3 below for a summary of the key terms of the


   Partnership.




3. KEY TERMS OF THE ETHOS SA BIDCO PARTNERSHIP




   As outlined above, Bidco will be a ZAR-denominated en commandite partnership established


   in South Africa and governed by a partnership agreement, the key terms of which are


   summarised below:




   Partners           The General Partner.




                      Limited partners ("Investors"), such as Qualifying Shareholders that


                      participate in the Reinvestment Option, who participate solely as limited


                      partners and take no part in the management or control of the Partnership.


                      Limited partners rely entirely on the General Partner and the Manager for


                      the conduct of the Partnership's affairs.




                      The Capital Partner, which is entitled to receive carried interest subject to


                      the distribution waterfall.




                      (together, the "Partners" and each a "Partner")




   Manager            The Manager, which shall be entitled to receive management fees.






   Term               The Partnership shall be closed-ended and the General Partner may, with


                      the consent of the Investors, extend the initial term.




   Capital            Each Partner is required to make a capital commitment ("Capital


   Commitments        Commitment"), which could be drawn down over time at the discretion of


   and                the General Partner.


   Contributions


                      Capital is contributed by each Partner in instalments ("Capital


                      Contributions") up to the amount of such Partner's Capital Commitment.




   Default            An Investor that fails to fund a required Capital Contribution or other


                      amount when due will be subject to customary default provisions,


                      including:


                      - interest at the South African prime rate plus 2% per annum; and


                      - set-off of any distributions otherwise payable against outstanding


                        amounts owed to the Partnership.




   Investments        Pursuant to the Transaction, the Partnership will acquire interests in each


                      of the Ethos Funds holding the unlisted assets indirectly held by Ethos


                      Capital (comprising (i) Ethos Artificial Intelligence Fund I (B) Partnership; (ii)


                      Ethos Healthcare (A) Partnership; (iii) Ethos Fund VI (Jersey) L.P.; (iv) Ethos


                      Fund VII (B) Partnership; (v) Ethos Mezzanine Partners 3 (B) Partnership; (vi)


                      Ethos Mid Market Direct Investment Partnership; and (vii) Ethos Mid Market


                      Fund I (B) Partnership (together, the "Ethos (B) Partnerships") and


                      Primedia Holdings Limited).




   Distributions,     The Partnership shall continue to pay in line with the existing management


   Carried            fees to the underlying funds, calculated at 1.5% per annum of the average


   Interest and       net asset value. These fees do not apply to all underlying funds, with Direct


   Fees               Investments expressly excluded from any fee charge.


                      All costs and expenses relating to the operation of the Partnership


                      (including audit costs and administrative fees) shall be borne by the


                      Partnership and funded from Capital Contributions, reserves, or


                      investment proceeds.




                      Distributions are made after satisfaction of Partnership expenses and


                      liabilities and are allocated based on capital utilised for relevant


                      investments. Investor distributions are subject to a multi-tier waterfall that


                      includes:


                      - return of contributed capital;


                      - carried interest participation escalating through defined return hurdles


                        from 10% up to a 20% carried interest, subject to a 15% to 25% rate of


                        return hurdle accordingly.




                      The carried interest is calculated on a cash basis (rather than with


                      reference to net asset value), becomes applicable only once higher


                      performance hurdles have been achieved and is subject to clawback at the


                      end of the term of the Partnership having regard to the performance over


                      that term.






   Liabilities        If the General Partner is required by law to satisfy Partnership liabilities that


                      cannot be met from Partnership funds, the Partnership shall reimburse the


                      General Partner in priority to other distributions, together with interest at


                      the prime rate.




   Reporting and      The General Partner shall provide to the Limited partners:


   Valuation          - audited annual financial statements; and


                      - unaudited quarterly financial reports.




                      Investments shall be valued at least quarterly, based on valuations


                      determined by the General Partner.






4. FURTHER INFORMATION




   The Board will provide further information on the implementation and timing of the


   Transaction in due course.






Ebene, Mauritius (with simultaneous circulation in Johannesburg)


29 January 2026




Sponsor


RAND MERCHANT BANK, (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)




Financial adviser to the Party


RAND MERCHANT BANK, (A division of FirstRand Bank Limited)




Disclaimer




The financial information on which this announcement is based is the responsibility of the Board


and has been prepared for illustrative purposes only. Such information has not been audited,


reviewed, or reported on by the Company's external auditors.




The release, publication or distribution of this announcement in jurisdictions other than South


Africa may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this announcement


may come should inform themselves about, and observe, any such applicable restrictions or


requirements. Any failure to comply with such restrictions or requirements may constitute a


violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent


permitted by applicable law, the Company disclaims any responsibility or liability for the violation


of any restrictions or requirements by any person.




This announcement is for information purposes only and is not, and should not be construed as


to constitute, an offer to sell, an offer to the public or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities


in any jurisdiction and neither this document nor anything herein nor any copy thereof may be


taken into or distributed, directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction in which to do so would


be prohibited by applicable law. In addition, the reinvestment option will be made solely to


Sophisticated Investors to whom the offer will be specifically addressed in various jurisdictions,


including in South Africa, and there will be no public offering of any shares in any jurisdiction and


therefore there will also be no registered prospectus in any jurisdiction. For the avoidance of


doubt, the Reinvestment Option is not being made available by the Company.




Nothing contained in this announcement constitutes, or is intended to constitute, investment,


tax, legal, accounting, or other professional advice.


Forward-looking statements




This announcement contains statements about Ethos Capital that are, or may be, forward-looking


statements. All statements (other than statements of historical fact) are, or may be deemed to be,


forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those concerning: strategy; the


economic outlook for the industries in which Ethos Capital operates or invests as well as markets


generally; production; cash costs and other operating results; growth prospects and outlook for


operations and/or investments, individually or in the aggregate; liquidity, capital resources and


expenditure, statements in relation to the implementation of the Transaction and/or the benefits


of the Transaction. These forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but rather


reflect current expectations concerning future results and events and generally may be identified


by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as "believe", "aim", "expect", "anticipate",


"intend", "foresee", "forecast", "likely", "should", "planned", "may", "estimated", "potential" or


similar words and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements


regarding a future financial position or future profits, cash flows, corporate strategy,


implementation of the Transaction and/or the benefits of the Transaction, anticipated levels of


growth, estimates of capital expenditures, acquisition and investment strategy, expansion


prospects or future capital expenditure levels and other economic factors, such as, among


others, growth, and interest rates.




By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties


because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the


future. Ethos Capital cautions that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future


performance. Actual results, financial and operating conditions, returns and the developments


within the industries and markets in which Ethos Capital operates and/or invests may differ


materially from those made in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this


announcement. All these forward-looking statements are based on estimates, predictions, and


assumptions, as regards Ethos Capital, all of which estimates, predictions, and assumptions,


although Ethos Capital believes them to be reasonable, are inherently uncertain and may not


eventuate or eventuate in the manner Ethos Capital expects. Factors which may cause the actual


results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results,


performance or achievements expressed or implied in those statements or assumptions include


matters not yet known to Ethos Capital or not currently considered material by Ethos Capital.




Shareholders should keep in mind that any forward-looking statement made in this


announcement or elsewhere is applicable only at the date on which such forward-looking


statement is made. New factors that could cause the business of Ethos Capital not to develop as


expected may emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all of them. Further, the


extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results, performance, or


achievement to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement is not


known. Ethos Capital has no duty to, and do not intend to, update, or revise the forward-looking


statements contained in this announcement or any other information herein, except as may be


required by law.




Date: 29-01-2026 04:01:00


Produced by the JSE SENS Department. The SENS service is an information dissemination service administered by the JSE Limited ('JSE').


The JSE does not, whether expressly, tacitly or implicitly, represent, warrant or in any way guarantee the truth, accuracy or completeness of


 the information published on SENS. The JSE, their officers, employees and agents accept no liability for (or in respect of) any direct,


indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind or nature, howsoever arising, from the use of SENS or the use of, or reliance on,


 information disseminated through SENS.atements include statements


regarding a future financial position or future profits, cash flows, corporate strategy,


implementation of the Transaction and/or the benefits of the Transaction, anticipated levels of


growth, estimates of capital expenditures, acquisition and investment strategy, expansion


prospects or future capital expenditure levels and other economic factors, such as, among


others, growth, and interest rates.




By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties


because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the


future. Ethos Capital cautions that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future


performance. Actual results, financial and operating conditions, returns and the developments


within the industries and markets in which Ethos Capital operates and/or invests may differ


materially from those made in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this


announcement. All these forward-looking statements are based on estimates, predictions, and


assumptions, as regards Ethos Capital, all of which estimates, predictions, and assumptions,


although Ethos Capital believes them to be reasonable, are inherently uncertain and may not


eventuate or eventuate in the manner Ethos Capital expects. Factors which may cause the actual


results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results,


performance or achievements expressed or implied in those statements or assumptions include


matters not yet known to Ethos Capital or not currently considered material by Ethos Capital.




Shareholders should keep in mind that any forward-looking statement made in this


announcement or elsewhere is applicable only at the date on which such forward-looking


statement is made. New factors that could cause the business of Ethos Capital not to develop as


expected may emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict all of them. Further, the


extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results, performance, or


achievement to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement is not


known. Ethos Capital has no duty to, and do not intend to, update, or revise the forward-looking


statements contained in this announcement or any other information herein, except as may be


required by law.




Date: 29-01-2026 04:01:00


Produced by the JSE SENS Department. The SENS service is an information dissemination service administered by the JSE Limited ('JSE').


The JSE does not, whether expressly, tacitly or implicitly, represent, warrant or in any way guarantee the truth, accuracy or completeness of


 the information published on SENS. The JSE, their officers, employees and agents accept no liability for (or in respect of) any direct,


indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage of any kind or nature, howsoever arising, from the use of SENS or the use of, or reliance on,


 information disseminated through SENS.
